 We're never going to stop printing money. When I'm looking at constructing a crypto portfolio to maximize my risk-adjusted returns, I generally look at things that most other cryptocurrencies end up bleeding back to the Bitcoin. Most alts that are in the top 10 one cycle will not be there in the future. What about XRP, Cardano? Bitcoin went off for most altcoins. It's hard to convince people when the market is not very exciting and then they only want to join when the parabolic phase of the cycle has occurred. Where are we? Bitcoin can sniff out where the money supply is going to go before it goes there. And when it recognizes that in say half a year, the money supply will top out, that's when Bitcoin starts going down. We're likely going to see a pullback in the third quarter. Is it? You know it's sometimes the case I get a quarter. Yeah, you're on a fine. Bitcoin is a big part of the Bitcoin market. Any of you that's been here before, you can skip it. It might be a good turn. Is it? Bitcoin is a big part of the Bitcoin market. Any of you that's been here before, you can skip it. It might be a good turn. We're at the Bitcoin Las Vegas Conference, the biggest Bitcoin conference in the world. I'm David Lin. I'm back with co-host. Bonnie Chen. And we are with Ben Cowen of Into the Cryptoverse. We're going deep into the cryptoverse today with you, Ben. That sounds great. We're going to be deep into Bitcoin dominance, ETH going home, among other things. And we're going to be going home afterward with a lot of knowledge about Bitcoin. So I think Bonnie has some questions about your methodology for us before we're going to get your price prediction for this cycle. There are charts that measure risk on your platform, but Jack Moller is from 21 Capital, and Michael Saylor said, risk is not, volatility is not risk, risk is not volatility. And what is your view? Well, I think there's a big difference between positive volatility and negative volatility. There are certain things like shock ratios, which I'm sure everyone's heard of, which punishes positive volatility. But other metrics like the Sortino ratio does not. And so what I'm looking at, constructing a crypto portfolio to maximize my risk adjusted returns, I generally look at things like the Sortino ratio, which does not punish positive volatility, because at the end of the day, you want the price to go up, right? And you don't really want to punish the asset for the price going up. What do you mean punish? If you punish, when I say punish, what I mean is if you're treating positive volatility as a negative thing, then it might overall want to reduce the allocation you have of that asset in your portfolio. But I view positive volatility as a good thing. And in fact, it's the positive volatility that has brought us all here. Do you evaluate volatility as a metric for how much of that particular asset you should include in your portfolio? In other words, if something has a higher standard deviation, not Sharpe ratio, higher standard deviation overall, do you allocate less of it or more of it, depending on your own risk profile? So it depends on what part of the cycle or part of my journey you've asked me that, right? When I was younger and jumping into the crypto verse, I definitely wanted more volatility. But what is the guideline for people to know for themselves? I mean, it's like depending on your own age and your own personality, I guess. It's personal journey. It depends on your age. It also depends on how much you have, like your overall net worth. When you're young and if you don't have a lot, which was me a decade ago, it made more sense to take on more risk. And because the worst case scenario was I lose what little money I had, right? But once you've been in the crypto space for a long time, a lot of people sort of veer more towards assets like just Bitcoin rather than getting into other parts of the market because they recognize that over the longer period of time, Bitcoin is sort of a much more steady asset. It generally goes up over a long period of time, whereas most other cryptocurrencies end up bleeding back to Bitcoin. And so as I've gotten older, I found myself preferring less volatility over more volatility because I really would prefer to just kind of preserve what I have rather than chase the next 100X gem that is being talked about at that part of the cycle, if that makes sense. Less volatility. Do you buy gold? I do own gold. I own more Bitcoin than gold. Historically, gold underperforms not only Bitcoin, but also risk assets like the S&P. So over a long period of time, precious metals don't really do that well compared to risk assets, but I do think there's still a place in a portfolio for gold. Historically, in prior cycles, I've always said about like three to 5%. This cycle, I've said a little bit more, like maybe seven to 8%, but I don't really think it makes sense to be too exposed to precious metals because they can go decades without really doing much of anything. And we actually just saw that with gold. From 2010 or so to 2023, 2024, price didn't really change. And think about what Bitcoin accomplished between 2010 and 2024. You're the Bitcoin dominance guy. Yes. Yes. For regular investors, it's just a number. How do you look at it? So I think Bitcoin dominance is, I would say the key to unlocking the secrets of the crypto verse. And the reason for that is because a lot of people, when they think about their portfolio, they think in terms of US dollars, right? If you say, what is your portfolio worth? You think in terms of, all right, if I denominated in US dollars, what's that mean? And it makes sense because a lot of people spend in terms of fiat currencies. But I think it makes a lot more sense to denominate your portfolio in satoshis because we already know that fiat is going asymptotically to zero over a long period of time. So it's not really that big of a deal if an asset goes up while the underlying currency is being devalued. But if you're gonna buy something besides Bitcoin in the crypto market, you're taking on more risk because I think every other cryptocurrency is more risky than Bitcoin. So if you are going to do it, you're gonna wanna make sure you get a higher reward. The problem for this cycle is that there hasn't really been a great time to bet on Bitcoin dominance going down, at least not yet. And so the whole point is that any individual altcoin can outperform Bitcoin for some time, for a few months, maybe a year, but a lot of times the altcoins that were outperforming Bitcoin in 2022 were different than the ones in 2023 and different than the ones in 2024 and now probably the same thing in 2025. So for most investors, including myself, it's just a lot easier. I can sleep better at night, just keeping my portfolio mostly Bitcoin rather than chasing altcoins. Because if you look at altcoins on their satoshi valuation, they're a lot lower this year than they were last year. And they were lower last year than the year before that. And so that is something we've seen play out every cycle. The only difference between this cycle is that the dominance trend, the uptrend in Bitcoin dominance has lasted far longer. Because in prior cycles, in the last cycle, it kind of ended in 2019 and then it wicked above that in 2021. But really we have seen Bitcoin dominance go up almost nonstop since mid to late 2021. You said Bitcoin, sorry, fiat going asymptotically to zero. Why? Well, the purchasing power, the purchasing power of, because they're never gonna stop printing money, right? They're never gonna stop printing money. You know, if you look at what it costs to buy anything today, it's so much more than it was 10 years ago, more than it was 50 years ago, more than it was 100 years ago. In fact, that's one of the reasons we're incentivized to spend fiat currency is because we know that because of inflation is going to be worth less tomorrow than it is today. And so because it's gonna be worth less tomorrow than it is today, it encourages spending, right? Whereas with Bitcoin, the idea is it'll be worth more tomorrow than it is today. And so it doesn't really encourage you to wanna spend your Bitcoin if you think it's gonna be worth more later on than it is right now. Let me just play devil's advocate because I think we're all Bitcoiners here. So someone's gotta be the bad guy. Listen, if I were to bet against the future and I know that inflation is gonna erode purchasing power, I would put a portion of my fiat away into some low yielding product because I know with certainty that I can at least match inflation with like a three, 4% CD. Whereas I don't know for certain where Bitcoin is gonna go. So I'm not going to put my wealth and my savings on an uncertain future. Whereas I can just hedge against inflation and protect against purchasing power depreciation. How would you respond to that? No, I mean, I think it's a really great way to look at it. I think that a world diverse portfolio is the way to go. No one knows what the future holds. When I talk about sort of allocations into Bitcoin and Bitcoin dominance, that's kind of in reference to just my crypto portfolio. I'm not referencing my portfolio in say low expense ratio index funds. Or I'm not generally thinking like, oh, what's this associative valuation of this S&P 500 fund that I have, SPY. I'm not thinking like that. It's more so in the crypto markets. How do I evaluate that? And I think that there is a time and a place for money market funds, CDs, T-bills, that kind of stuff. And that kind of goes back to the question you were asking earlier. Where do you go? How do you navigate that? Again, it depends on your age. If you're younger, you have more time to take riskier bets. And if it doesn't work out in the short term, well, hopefully you still have three or four more decades for it to work out before you retire. If you're in your 60s, you probably don't want to bet all of that on one particular asset, because if something bad happens, you don't necessarily have the time to wait for it to come back. So I think by having some stuff like that and lower risk things, it can at least help you sleep better at night. And because we know Bitcoin is volatile, sometimes to the downside, we just saw it drop to 74K, 73K, something like that. By having something where you're just earning the risk-free rate, it gives you something to potentially buy Bitcoin with. So I think it's an excellent point. And I think that a well-divided portfolio needs to take that into account. But my mom's retired friend said, "'Bonnie, you said Bitcoin is only going up. Why can't I buy it with my retirement money?' Well, over a long period of time, it's probably true. But even with Bitcoin, if you think about all prior cycles we've had, in 2022, it dropped, what was it? 77%. In 2018, it dropped 84%. In 2014, it dropped 87%. And in 2011, yes, sometime around 2011, it dropped like 90%. If you have the patience to watch it play out over a very long period of time, it more than likely will go up over a long period of time. What a lot of times happens is it's hard to convince people when the market is not very exciting, and then they only want to join when the parabolic phase of the cycle is occurring. Where are we? So normally, post-having years are cyclotops, normally. 2021 was, 2017 was, 2013 was. So unfortunately, all prior post-having years have been cyclotops. The good news is, well, the bad news is we have diminishing returns. So we should expect a lower return as measured from low to high, high to high, and low to low. But the good thing about diminishing returns in this case is it also has historically come with diminishing losses. So even in the bear markets, every subsequent bear market, Bitcoin has dropped less and less and less. So I think it's one of those things where if you're gonna hold it, you have to be aware, you're gonna have drops occasionally. And it usually happens after euphoria phases, where, and a lot of times when it happens, is when the other assets in the crypto there start to do very, very well. Because when the froth rises, that's when the market normally needs a correction. Even if you look at it in a short timeframe, in early 2025, Bitcoin found a local top around January 20th, the same day the new administration took office. And the reason is because you're pricing in perfection, you're pricing in a strategic Bitcoin reserve, right? You're pricing in deregulation, and all this stuff. And then when things can't get any better in the short term, you normally get a correction, right? And so I think there was some elements of euphoria back then. We cooled off going into April. Now we're getting a bounce into the spring. And it makes sense because they had all the tariff tantrum to some degree. And I'm hoping we'll see the current strength last a little bit longer. I do think we will see a pullback sometime in the third quarter. Third quarter, historically, is pretty weak for Bitcoin. August and September, on average, are the worst months for Bitcoin. I'm pretty sure Q3 and 2022, 2023, and 2024 were all slightly red for Bitcoin. So it probably makes sense to be aware of that. There will likely be a pullback in the third quarter of the year. But this is not the top. I mean, hopefully not. Bitcoin has changed the world. But what if it could do more than just sit in your wallet? Welcome to CoreDAO, the largest Bitcoin DeFi ecosystem. Today's sponsor, Core, has over one million weekly users, $500 million in total value locked, and more than 100 live projects. Core is the most advanced platform for putting your Bitcoin to work. Core allows you to earn passive yield with no principal risk. In partnership with Maple Finance, Core is proud to introduce LST BTC, Liquid Stake Bitcoin. For the first time, Bitcoin holders can earn sustainable passive yields without giving up custody or taking up excessive risk. LST BTC transforms Bitcoin into a productive asset. By time locking your BTC using proven on-chain mechanics, you unlock new staking rewards while maintaining full transparency and control. Stake Bitcoin and Core together to earn even more, thanks to a dynamic dual staking system that rewards deeper participation. This is more than DeFi. It's the bridge between Wall Street and Web3. LST BTC is designed to power the next generation of Bitcoin ETFs, structured financial products, and institutional grade strategies. Bitcoin finally working for you, not financial advice. Visit coredow.org to learn more. You talk about ETH going home a lot. What is ETH going home? So ETH did go home. So basically, if you look at even Bitcoin, you can kind of look at the overall price history and see that historically it comes back down to sort of what you might consider to be the fair value, which the fair value is kind of a contentious topic anyways. Like what even does that mean? But if you look at Bitcoin when it's sort of in the depths of bear markets, like the end of 2014, end of 2018, end of 2022, and even the very beginning of 2010, you can actually fit that data to a logarithmic regression curve. And you can do the same thing with Ethereum. So with Bitcoin, Bitcoin went home, quote unquote home, back at the end of 2022. So it went to the lower regression band and actually went slightly below it, went to around $15,000. Ethereum never did, right? And it got close to going to its lower regression band, but then it never did. So the idea was that at some point during the cycle, Bitcoin will go down when it normally goes up. And that just happened, right? In January, February, March, and April, we saw Bitcoin go down when in normal post-having years, it's going up during that time. When that happens each cycle, that's what normally takes Ethereum down on its USD pair and on its Bitcoin pair. And that's what we just saw happen. So we just saw Ethereum, quote unquote, go home. In this case, home is like $1,500 to $1,600. It's since bounced up. I'm not yet 100% convinced it's going to outperform Bitcoin at this point. I still think there is a decent chance you'll see Bitcoin dominance continue to go up for a while, primarily because of the altcoin market. I think the altcoin market kind of still needs to go home itself. I think Ethereum has. Ethereum has. I think the rest of the altcoin market is still overvalued against Bitcoin. In fact, if you look at the collective altcoin market and you subtract out stablecoins, and then if you do that and then you divide it by the Bitcoin market cap, every cycle, there tends to be a low. And that cycle is around 0.25, meaning historically, altcoins bottom, whenever they're collectively equivalent to approximately 25% of Bitcoin's market cap. At the time of this recording, altcoins are at 35% of Bitcoin's market cap. So a lot of people keep hoping for alt season, but the alt season in 2021 occurred from an altcoin valuation against Bitcoin below 25%. And in 2017, it occurred at a valuation of 25%. So I continue to think that Bitcoin will suck that liquidity out of the altcoin market until they're at least at 25% of Bitcoin's market cap. In 2017, they hit 25% of Bitcoin's market cap at the very end of October, early November. So if history repeats itself, we could see altcoins bleed back to Bitcoin for a few more months, potentially up until November. Even in that case, even if they do get a nice bounce in November, those phases of the cycle only last for a couple months. And then you spend another almost four years watching Bitcoin dominance go up again. So I think Bitcoin dominance, if you can understand it, and if you think about it a lot, on the surface level, it seems like, well, how's this helpful? You can't go buy Bitcoin dominance, right? It's not something you can just say like, oh, I bought 10 units of Bitcoin dominance. But if you understand that opportunity costs, every dollar into an altcoin is a dollar, not into Bitcoin. And you just don't wanna watch, you don't wanna watch an altcoin go up 10% that you bought while Bitcoin went up 100%, right? That's not really a win. It's like you took on more risk and got less of a return. So that begs the question as to what we do with the information you provided. So if you assume that Bitcoin dominance will go up, can you use that as an asset allocation tool? Meaning, let's say currently it's about 64%. Let's say retrace at 70% 2021 high. Do you then allocate more of your portfolio to Bitcoin knowing that you believe Bitcoin dominance will go up and vice versa if you think alt will suck up more of Bitcoin's liquidity and it'll go down, do you allocate more to alt? Yeah, so for most of the cycle, I've been about 99% Bitcoin because I just assumed that it would, Bitcoin would outperform most altcoins. There are times in the cycle where it felt like I was wrong, absolutely. We've seen plenty of altcoins. I mean, we even saw Ethereum do really well against Bitcoin in mid 2022 going into the merge. We saw Solana do really well against Bitcoin in 2023 with all the meme coin hype. At every point in the cycle, there are some altcoins that are doing better than Bitcoin. And a lot of people will see that and they'll cherry pick a few altcoins and say, well, Bitcoin dominance is not useful. The problem is that stuff's only obvious in hindsight, right? You cannot know what altcoin is going to directly outform Bitcoin any given year. And so if you kind of accept that and you just say, well, I assume the Bitcoin dominance is gonna go higher because all Bitcoin pairs are not, are still well off the range lows. And I know that last cycle, altcoins didn't even bottom against Bitcoin until quantitative tightening ended, which still hasn't even happened this cycle. And if you look at ratios between like the Fed funds rate and the terminal rate, in order to match what happened last cycle before altcoins bottom against Bitcoin, we'd still need another 65 basis points of rate cuts. So I think absolutely, if you are confident we are in a Bitcoin dominance uptrend, whenever the Fed signals that monetary policy is going to tighten, right? Whenever that signal comes, if you just go into that the next few years and you say, I'm going to assume that most altcoins will bleed to Bitcoin. There's gonna be a time where it's gonna be tempting to go to the altcoin market if they're gonna collectively bleed. I think it makes sense to just stick with Bitcoin during those few years. And yeah, like there's gonna be times during the year where it's gonna make sense to think like, oh, maybe I should put something towards up. But over the long haul, alts are oscillators at best against Bitcoin and 99.999% of them are just bleeding against Bitcoin over the macro scale anyways. So yeah, I think that if altcoins were at the range lows, then you could argue it would be worth the risk a little bit more, but even at all times in the cycle, no matter what, I think it makes sense to have a majority of your crypto portfolio in Bitcoin because altcoins are just a lot more speculative. They come and go. That's the problem with altcoins. Is it dubiously speculative? It is, it is. And in fact, I mean, a lot of the asset class rate is dubious speculation. It's the promise of what altcoins will provide in the future, but a lot of them are false promises. They don't actually pan out. So I do think that Bitcoin is kind of the main asset to stay in for the macro scale. And just to look at, if you go to any of the main websites, CoinMarketCap or anything like that, and you look at their historical tools, and then you look at the top 10 in 2013 and the top 10 in 2014, you won't find many coins that were around the top 10 for more than one cycle, more than a couple of cycles. There's a few exceptions to the rule. You have like Ethereum, you have a couple others, but most alts that are in the top 10, one cycle will not be there in the future. What about XRP, Cardano, this cycle? They seem to come back a little bit. Yeah, but even ADA, ADA is now at 700 sats, and at its high, it was 4,000 sats or something. XRP, and if you look at something like a metric like XRP dominance in 2017, I don't have a chart in front of me, but in 2017, I believe XRP dominance was like 20 to 30%, as crazy as that sounds. Today, it's like one to 2%, right? So yeah, it seems like the altcoins can come back, but then you kind of look back at it. XRP, I don't even know if it even has taken out its 2018 all-time high. If it has, it only barely did it. So, I mean, if you think about that, if Bitcoin were at the same valuation XRP were at, with reference to its two cycles ago all-time high, that would put Bitcoin at around $19,000. So it can be easy to cherry pick lows for altcoins and say they've kind of come back, but the reality is, is had you bought XRP in 2018, you're actually down. Yeah. Whereas at any point, if you bought Bitcoin in 2018, you're up. Can I say that we're not gonna see the altcoin season like 2021, where everything went up? There's a possibility of that. So in 2017, we had alt season when alt Bitcoin pairs hit the range lows, but last cycle when alt Bitcoin pairs hit 25% of Bitcoin's market cap, it actually occurred in the pre-having year, and it did not correspond with alt season. Alt season was still a year and a half away. So I think alt coins going down on their Bitcoin pairs to 0.25, it's a sufficient condition, or it's a necessary condition for a quote unquote alt season, but it's not sufficient, right? Like you need more than that. You need retail to return. This cycle, we actually haven't really seen as much interest in retail investors as we have in prior cycles. And when you have that, when you have social interest so low, there's only one Bitcoin. Tell me why, because people can see, oh, Bitcoin is performing very well against every other asset. Why aren't they here? Because a lot of people chase alt coins, and we have a lot of metrics that we look at on our website as well, where a lot of interest occurs whenever alt coins start rallying. So in November of 2024, in November of 2023, we saw alt coins temporarily surging as Bitcoin. That's when we had a return of retail investors, a lot of social interest metrics are going back up. But anytime Bitcoin moves without the alt coin market, kind of like now, right? And we haven't really seen a ton of movement in the alt coin market. You just don't really see as much interest because also Bitcoin's being driven as well a lot by institutional demand right now, whereas we haven't really seen the same extent with alt coins. I think one thing about this market cycle, it's teaching good investing principles to a lot of people, right? Like just kind of slow and steady, often wins the race rather than chasing the next 100X jump because someone said alt season's around the corner. There's absolutely a chance you don't get one. I think if you don't get one this year, it would only be due to the macro environment, deteriorating in a way that doesn't allow for sort of the riskiest assets at the end of the risk curve to kind of get that final whip back up to the upside. Have you seen the chart where M2 money supply went up? Well, is going up. Yes, yes. If that is the case, is an alt season coming? Well, money supply has been going up for years and there's plenty of times in prior cycles where the money supply goes up and you still didn't get an alt season. We also have to remember that the chart you're referring to on the M2 money supply, it's also a function of the dollar because the DXY, the Dixie, if you denominate all those local currencies into US dollars, the strength of the dollar plays a big role. So one of the reasons that the money supply is going up a lot right now is because the dollar has collapsed. And also, correlation with money supply and risk assets over a long period of time, they're both going to go up and to the right, right? They're never going to stop printing money, risk assets are never going to stop going higher over a longer period of time. But there are times when those correlations break down. For instance, in Q3 of 2023, or in Q4 of 2023, I believe, the money supply went down, but crypto went up. So there are times when those metrics actually diverged. And even in all things, I mean, we saw the dollar and the 10-year yield highly correlated for a long time, but then now they've kind of decoupled and we see the 10-year yield going up while the dollar has collapsed. So a lot of times you'll see correlations play out. It's trying to figure out when those correlations stop being useful is the hard part. What is the relationship, just off of dub telling of Bonnie's question, what is the relationship between M2 money supply and the crypto space overall? M2 is growing at currently 4.4% of the market, and it's up a little bit in terms of anti-percentage change. So let's tie that in. Yeah, I mean, the idea is if you look at, I mean, if you look at the S&P 500 divided by the money supply, we're at same valuations today as we were in 1998, right? So if you relate that to crypto, the argument for some assets is that they're not going up, and I'm not saying this about Bitcoin, but like just a lot of altcoins in general, they're not necessarily going up because they're fundamentally valuable. They're just going up because the amount of money we have just in society is going up, and people wanna seek out yield. Some people will take on risk, some people will take on less risk, and risk assets will generally go higher in that case. So over a long enough period of time, risk assets generally trend up and to the right because the money supply is going up and to the right. But there are times throughout history where they don't always correlate. For instance, if you look at 2008 and 2000, I don't really think the money supply went down much at all during those periods, but you still had large downturns. And I could be wrong, but I think you still had fairly large downturns in risk assets, even without as massive a drops in the money supply. So yeah, like it's a good correlation, and I think during bull markets, it appears like they're tracking each other because they're both going up and to the right. But if you look at M2 and look at Bitcoin, historically Bitcoin tops out around, I wanna say about half a year before the money supply does, right? So if you'd waited for M2 to top out convincingly in 2022, if you wanted to de-risk and get out of Bitcoin, you would have ended up selling Bitcoin at the bottom because it basically was at the bottom when M2 topped out. Same thing the cycle before in 2018, if you waited for M2 to start going down, Bitcoin was already at $6,000 at that point. It did get another 50% drop after that. So I think there's a lot of people following it, but, and this is kind of a contentious view, and I kind of expressed this on Twitter a few weeks ago, and it was not really well received, but I'll just kind of reiterate it. And I think there's a lot of people I think that are assuming that Bitcoin goes up. Like if the money supply goes up, then if we can see the money supply going up, then the assumption is that Bitcoin will go up. But I kind of take the other side of that. I think that, I like Bitcoin as an asset. I think it's a really good asset. I think that Bitcoin can sniff out where the money supply is going to go before it goes there. And when it recognizes that in say half a year, the money supply will top out, that's when Bitcoin starts going down. So I would argue, and again, it's a contentious view, I would almost argue that Bitcoin is leading the money supply and not lagging it. So we are at a top. That's not necessarily true. I mean, it just means that if you wait for the money supply to go down, then you've waited too long, right? So the point is, it's like people want an indicator to tell them with itself. But unfortunately, there's not going to be a single indicator that's going to time the exact top, right? So there's a lot of uncertainty. If everyone knew, if everyone had one indicator that could time the exact top, that just doesn't make sense that that would, how accurate that would even be. I think the point is, is that whenever you start to see Bitcoin go down, it's more of a signal that the money supply will eventually follow. Money supply going up, in my opinion, is not indicative of Bitcoin going up. I think Bitcoin leads. It's like the stock market. Do you wait for, look at all prior recessions with stock market. If you wait for the recession to be declared, the bottom occurred two weeks ago, right? So it's the same thing with Bitcoin, right? If you wait for, you know, if you wait for the money supply to top out, it's already, it's too late. That doesn't mean that the top is in, right? It just means that it's not necessarily the best indicator to tell you when the top's in, because if you overlay M2 and Bitcoin, Bitcoin always tops out about half a year before the money supply does. So. Let's get your prediction then. Top and bottom, or range for the rest of the year. Q, you mentioned Q3 may be tough, especially for the fall season. Yeah, yeah, so I kind of going into this year, I thought January 20th would mark a high, at least a local high. And my view is basically that if 2024 held, if the high from 2024 held as support in the pullback, then Bitcoin could go to all time highs again. And we held at like 73, we went to like 74K, the high from 2024 was like 73.8. So we have gone to new all time highs. We have not seen total market cap follow that though yet. Total market cap is still at a lower high. So we are seeing some divergences there. We really would like to see confirmation of that. I think that we're likely going to see a pullback in the third quarter. We also saw a similar pattern in 2023 and in 2024, and in 2022, it just seems to be a common thing. Obviously, I could be wrong, right? Like there's always a chance we just go up into Q3. But one of the reasons I think there'll be a pullback is if you look at some of the macro data, initial claims tend to go up around the summertime. They went up in the last couple of years. So I think you'll probably see initial claims start to take a little bit higher. That could put some uncertainty. I don't really think initial claims are an issue until they're printing 300K. I think that is kind of where it becomes more problematic, but we haven't seen that. Why are we looking at initial claims? Are you trying to use that as a gauge for Fed activity? Yeah, I think that the Fed will likely, because if you go going back to Bitcoin dominance, which is the other thing, if you're trying to figure out when Bitcoin dominance is going to top out, you need a reason for the Fed to become less hawkish, right? You need the Fed to lose some monetary policy. If initial claims start to go up in Q3 and it leads to some more macro uncertainty, maybe we get a rate cut, right? Right now, the next projected rate cut is not till September. They've talked about ending quantitative tightening. Waller said potentially, he said July if tariffs go down to 10% across the board. Yeah, so the problem right now, and I think this is where the Fed is in a tough position and why I think there's gonna be some weakness in the third quarter. I think the problem right now is that you're going to see some of the labor market data just show some weakness in the summer, like it normally does, right? Like it normally does. And I think that you're going to couple that with at least a temporary bump up in inflation. I'm not saying that it's going to be, I've always been in the disinflationary camp. For years, I've been in the disinflationary camp. I think that a repeat of the 1970s is unlikely where you have three waves, but that doesn't mean you can't get a couple of kind of scary data points induced by some of these tariffs, right? Because at the end of the day, there will likely be some of that stuff passed on to consumers, whether we like it or not. And I think that could, it's possible that we would have gotten a cut in July, but maybe we don't think about it. We just had negative GDP in Q1, right? If someone had said we were going to have negative GDP in Q1, you probably would have assumed we'd get a rate cut. Right? I mean, it would make sense, right? If we had negative GDP, we'd get a rate cut. I think one of the reasons that we keep not getting rate cuts is because inflation expectations are going through the roof right now. Inflation expectations right now, I believe, are as high as they've been since 1981. Or power just doesn't like Trump. I mean, look, anything's possible. Anything's possible, but look at the long end of the yield curve. The long end of the yield curve is also going up. And I mean, it kind of goes to show you that if you really want the long end to go down, you have to have lower, lower asset prices. Bitcoin leading the markets, which is a contentious view by your point. But if you think that Bitcoin leads M2, and the monitors views that M2 leads inflation, does Bitcoin by the transit of property lead inflation? I think, well, I think there, I think there is some validity to that. M2 going up is certainly going to cause a lot of inflation. I don't think that's a contentious view. I do think that if you think about, I mean, if you think about logically what happened in 2021, what happened? Risk assets everywhere went parabolic. And then as that happened, we had the wealth effect. The wealth effect, if people feel wealthy, they feel richer, they're more likely to spend. There was gonna be higher demand, and you look at when the inflationary peak happened in the last cycle happened in 2022, it happened in a bear market. That's when we hit 9% inflation. I think it happened in sort of the first half of 2021. We had core inflation peak out in the second half of 2021. I think there's some validity to that, but I think it's mostly related to the wealth effect. People just feeling richer. If you feel richer, you're more likely to go spend money. If you're more likely to spend, it's going to lead to higher prices, because you're gonna have higher demand. I wanna close with this because earlier you said, we don't know when to buy or sell, but if we just sign up for your platform, we will know. Right? Did I say that? Yeah. So basically what I do with Bitcoin is I just, I buy it whenever it's below a certain risk level. So like in prior cycles, I bought it when it was below what I consider to be sort of like the 0.5 risk level, kind of like anything below that. This cycle I've gotten a little bit more conservative, but I think as long as you have a plan, like you're probably gonna look back in 30 years and be like, okay, that worked. If you're gonna come in and buy Bitcoin at like a 0.9 risk level, like it was in 2021, and you know, like in early 2021 or in 2017 or in 2013, you just have to know you're gonna be holding it back for a while, right? Because once the risk level is that high for that cycle, you've convinced everyone you're gonna convince that cycle, right? There's gonna be a downturn in the market. This cycle, we haven't really seen Bitcoin risk go that high. It actually still continues to be more like 2019 than anything else, where the Bitcoin risk level just kind of goes up to like 0.6, 0.7 risk in these rallies, but it doesn't go all the way up. And I think that's probably going to continue for a while, which is a good thing. I mean, the minute it goes to a really high risk level, that's when you really have to start preparing for a larger downturn. So until that time though, I mean, until that time, you could argue that, you know, the whole alt season stuff doesn't even usually happen until after Bitcoin has seen that stuff. So it's seen those parabolic rallies to the higher risk band. So if Bitcoin does go up there, then maybe you get an all season. If Bitcoin doesn't, you're still better off with Bitcoin and alts. All right, well follow Ben Cowen and into the crypto verse down below. Thank you, Ben. Thank you. Not me.