 There's some tokens that will never recover because they are piece of shit tokens. The famous four-year cycle is dead. The peaks of each of those all-time high was in Q4 of 13, 17, and 21. Now, obviously, people are saying, oh, it's Q4 of 2025. So maybe now is the top. The question is, does that apply in this four-year cycle? And I think we're going to massive money printing all over the world. And sometime at the end of the decade, we'll get a massive bear market and everything. And that tells me that this four-year cycle is not going to happen. That will extend it. How long? Year to date, silver, gold, and a lot of tech stock outperforming Bitcoin. Well, we are sitting here talking about Bitcoin being the best performing asset in the world. That was not quite the altcoin season we were expecting. That 99.99% of all these things are zeros. Big liquidations. Do you think it is just how leverage work in a very thin market? Does it reveal something that is broken in the system? What happened? There were rules. People didn't read the rules. You need to take a little bit longer term view on what you're buying so that you're not sitting there trying to... You can jive in the markets and getting shopped up. And I liquidated an all-in-one thing because you can't concentrate to the level necessary to be successful as a trader who uses leverage. People have a dream, but they don't think about the time that they want to invest to get there. And that's the unfortunate part. I can't go give a fuck. You are not all Michael Saylor. Trump thinks that the stock market and the crypto market are his report card. How well is he doing? What's the S&P? What's Bitcoin at? Bitcoin and million dollars. It's very simple. Everything's up. The S&P 10,000, Nasdaq 50,000. OK, ladies and gentlemen, today's guest, Arthur Hayes, he is one of my favorite people in the world to listen to. He is the CIO of Maelstrom and inventor of perpetual contract and a writer that the whole industry just reads. And most importantly, he is the lord of the memes. Thank you. So good to have you back. Thanks for having me. Let's start with this. You love skiing. You love tennis, lifting and running. And you said you do those things three hours a day. Pretty much. Yeah. And it sounds fun and all, but that takes a lot of discipline. I love sports. I've always loved being an athlete. So it's awesome that I have the ability to spend my time doing things that I like doing. So it was never like, oh, my God, I don't want to move today. I just want to be in bed. But I have to. No, I love doing it. Like, I love being out in the mountain for eight hours a day. Like, I couldn't think of anything else I'd want to do. I think you have this superpower that most people see the world in different fragments like the Fed, China, US crypto market, but you somehow you connect them all and you make really complex things very simple. So I'd love for you to break it down for us. The biggest picture of all the famous four year cycle is dead, you said. Yeah. And so I presented a three different scenarios or time periods, 2009 to 2013, 2013 to 2017, 2017 to 2021. And as everyone knows or don't know, essentially the peaks of each of those all time high areas, and I'm talking about Bitcoin here, was in Q4 of 13, 17 and 21. And now, obviously, people are saying, oh, it's basically Q4 of 2025. We're due for another top. Right. So maybe now is a top or sometimes soon it'll be the top. So the question is, does that apply in this fourth four year cycle or does it not? And I wrote an essay called Long Live the King where I studied two charts. The first chart is the Fed funds rate and the amount of liquidity created in dollar terms. And then the second chart is the credit impulse of China, like a year on year change. And the overarching thesis is assume that the technology for Bitcoin works and knock on wood it has. So then what is the value of Bitcoin? It's relative to the thing that it's trying to improve upon, which is this fiat system. And if you've read this Satoshi White Paper, I encourage everyone who has not read that paper to read it and understand what they are saying is that Bitcoin is a reaction to money printing. And obviously, the money printing that you would react to would be that of America, because it's the leading economic superpower, controls the fiat money regime. Everybody else reacts to that, even China. And so then the question is, how is the price of money evolved? How much money is there in the world? How has that changed? Can we look at the previous charts at the all time highs and see any sort of inflection points? And then throughout the essay, I basically presented a scenario where, you know, usually America and China are doing the same thing. They might be one or two years apart in terms of the when they're printing money, but they're both printing money at the same time. 2009, China and the US both printed money, China to rebuild infrastructure, the United States to bail out the banks. Obviously, that fit into crypto when we get the rise to what was it? 1300, 1400, whatever the high was on empty gox in December of 2013. Then there was the taper tantrum credit rolled over a bit in terms of the amount of credit created in the US. China did not follow up with another mega stimulus after four years, after the 2009 stimulus. And so that sort of broke the crypto bull market, you know, 95 percent or however much it went down back to the 2015 lows. And then the second cycle was characterized by the US is actually increasing the price of money and money growth was actually falling from 2015 onwards. But China embarked on another massive stimulus program that was, you know, for people in Asia, remember the highs in Shanghai composite in 2015. Housing stocks reinvigorated that a new housing program to get stock housing prices to go up in China. And this money obviously made its way into crypto and sort of reignited the bull market in August 2015 when the PBOC did a massive U-wound evaluation versus the dollar. And so obviously this bubble proceeded. And then ultimately, the Fed hikes and the decline in the amount of bank and Fed credit popped that bull market in 2017 in December. And then we went down again. And obviously, the last one was the covid stimulus checks. Obviously, the United States led the world in terms of the amount of stimulus that they gave out. Every other country followed in some way, shape or form. And that's how we got into the 2021 high. And then all the governments were afraid of inflation and so everyone started tightening rates or communicating they were going to start tightening rates in the end of 2021. And that's what popped that particular all time high. So as we come to the 2025 story, what is that story? That story is really about the reverse repo program starting in 2022. Bad girl yell on US Treasury Secretary at the time decided to engineer an issuance schedule that essentially drained this two and a half trillion dollar facility that sat inert at the Fed, released this equity into the markets. If you take a look at the chart from sort of like September of 2022 until now, it's basically up only and it mirrors the decline in the reverse repo program. But that program has run out. It's at zero right now. And so the question is, what's next? And so what is China doing? So right now, China is doing it's flirting with deflation. They're talking about housing program stimulus. They're talking about some social programs that they're going to reenact for old people and the children to sort of give them more money to spend on health care or whatever else. You have Beijing actively going around to certain industries and forcing people to shut down factories to reduce the amount of supply that they're generating. So they're reflating. Are they reflating as much as they did in 2015 and 2009? No, but it's exiting deflation. So I'd say it's not really impacting much at all, but it's not detracting from the liquidity situation. The United States, Buffalo Bill Besson, the US Treasury Secretary is talking about bank credit growth. Trump is talking about a housing emergency to pump the housing market to essentially take the trillions of dollars trapped in home equity, allow people to borrow against that and spend on stuff. He's talking about tariff funded stimulus checks. He's talking about the Fed cutting rates, which they're doing. Jerome Powell last night talked about how they're going to stop quantitative tightening. Now, he didn't say he's going to restart money printing via quantitative easing, but obviously that's the next step. And so the rhetoric from politicians is positive for the growth of liquidity and a reduction in the price of money. And so based on their rhetoric, and obviously I have no reason to doubt that they're honest in what they're saying, they want to pump the markets. I believe that the credit cycle is going to extend. We're going to get cheaper money in terms of price and more plentiful, especially in the United States, a little bit more in China. And that tells me that this four year cycle is not going to happen. That will extend debt. How long? I don't know. But the liquidity situation, if you look at the forward statements from politicians and policymakers is that there will be more fiat liquidity in the world than less in the future. And therefore Bitcoin and crypto should benefit. When you talk about liquidity, are we talking about government spending, central bank balance sheet? What exactly are you looking at? So those are all government spending, central bank balance sheet. How much bank lending is there? How many units of fiat are there out in the world? And there's obviously various different ways that you can create fiat. And the best thing about crypto is I don't have to care where it comes from. I guess if it gets created, then Bitcoin number go up. But if you trade stocks, you need to know which is creating it, what sectors of the economy are going to benefit from this. Okay, I should buy that stock. Right. And so it's a difficult proposition to pick stocks, I guess pick Bitcoin, much easier. I've heard this argument that says money doesn't reach everybody equally. So the closer you are to the source of money where it's created, the more you benefit. So it goes to right now, AI sector, maybe energy, maybe rare earth. When does it get to Bitcoin? It's already gotten to Bitcoin. Look at the price performance over its history. The money has been created. We know that since 2009. And Bitcoin has been the best performing asset in human history. So I think it's we've proven that there's a core connection to this phenomenon. Yes, maybe if you bought Bitcoin yesterday, you're like, oh, why isn't it at 200,000 yet? I think you need to be a bit more patient. Well, it is true. People are talking about year to date, silver, gold and a lot of tech stock outperforming Bitcoin. Well, we are sitting here talking about Bitcoin being the best performing asset in the world. And they're like, no, it's not. What do you say to these people? Snapshot the day in which you first bought your first Bitcoin, maybe it was yesterday. Right. You say, okay, well, why hasn't it, you know, is it going to outperform? Like, well, what's your time horizon? And, you know, I don't know what everyone has a different time horizon. If you have a decent enough time horizon, maybe let's measure in the years sort of magnitude, then I believe Bitcoin will be the best performing asset. Better than gold, better than stocks, better than real estate. Now, obviously, if you pick one particular stock and it goes up, you know, 200x, right, that's different. I'm more talking about broad indices. I think people have to be patient. And, you know, the history has proven that there is a connection between the growth in the money supply and Bitcoin. So if you believe that money supply will continue to grow, then Bitcoin has proven itself to be the fastest horse in this race. Yes, you could trade bonds, you could trade stocks, you could trade real estate. It's up to you. But they're all going to go up. I just think Bitcoin is going to go up the most. Do you ever cash out and then start buying stocks? Because maybe during this period, a certain stock actually outperforms Bitcoin. I'm not much of a stock trader. I only own gold and silver mining ETFs. I don't have time to try to pick stocks. I see. Why is that? Is that a characteristic in gold and silver that you really like or what is it? It's the same trade. It's just that, okay, I have a crypto bucket. So what's my, you know, tradify equity bucket? Okay, what's the same trade? Same trade as fiat. To base bank, capital control is financial repression. What does well in the tradify world? Gold. What's been super under owned? Gold miners and silver miners have gotten trash since 2011. They're trading well below where they should given the meteoric rise of gold and silver. So I think those are, you know, asymmetric things that I can bet on. And obviously, they've done very, very well this year. We've seen some really crazy price action recently, big liquidations. Do you think it is just how leverage work in a very thin market? Does it reveal something that is broken in the system? What happened? Nothing is broken in the system. There were rules. People didn't read the rules. And then they're surprised at the result. Yeah, automatically leveraging. I think now people actually understand what that means. They didn't really understand. The first exchange to offer that with I think quality back in like 2014 is the first exchange of automatically leveraging. It's been around for 11 years. And yet people are surprised at how it works. Right. OK, every exchange had a different flavor and their take on implementing this. But again, this has been around since 2014. If you don't understand how it works, that's on you. Second thing, cross asset margin, very technically difficult problem to solve, which requires a lot of trade off. There's no perfect system. Every exchange has to make a decision about how they're going to mark these assets, how they're going to handle liquidations and all these sorts of things. Right. Again, I don't really use much leverage and I don't trade on the changes. But I imagine that the documentation about how the system works is all there. Just nobody decided to read it. It's been written about in all the exchange literature. If you didn't understand how that works, you shouldn't have been trading it in the first place. And unfortunately, people had to lose a lot of money to learn these lessons. There's pissed off people. They lost a lot of money. I'd say most of it is on the user, unfortunately. I find this really interesting. So, OK, most of the comments I've seen on Twitter or threads everywhere, they are just pissed off at certain exchanges. Break it down for these people. What exactly happened? So let's say if I lose a lot of money that day, what happened behind the scenes? Well, there's certain traders who had leverage positions on, I guess, altcoin contracts. There's a volatility increase. Unfortunately, for like 99.99% of all shitcoins, there is no organic demand, which basically means there's a group of market makers who are paid either straight cash or via incentives to post bid and offers on the market. And they're profit making entities when either the tech breaks down, like API issues, which were which were happening on exchanges due to high load or the volatility increases. Obviously, Bitcoin drop was like 15% in a few minutes. They pull their quotes. So all of a sudden, if you have this this shitcoin that you were trading and you had some leverage position on that has no liquidity demand or supply other than other market makers, because there is nobody else who trades this thing because it's a piece of shit token, then you found out what it's really worth. Seventy five, 80% down. That's what that thing is worth. And so unfortunately, people had to discover this again, not the exchanges fault. This is just what happens when you trade something that has no organic demand because it's a piece of shit token, unfortunately. So can I say, let's say a token drop 80% and that should be the actual value of the token at the time? Or some dropped 80% and rebounded quickly. Right. There are things that I own like Pendle and Athena, EtherFi. Like these things had vicious liquidation candles recovered decently afterwards. There are some tokens that will never recover because they are piece of shit tokens with no clients who spend no money and none of that money, if they ever made any, it goes back to the token holders. It's just it's vibes. People are trading on vibes. And unfortunately, vibes will bankrupt you. There was this YouTuber that compared prices of token on Coinbase versus Binance. And the drop on Binance was a lot deeper. And I want to know why. I mean, to the extent that I think this is correct, there were some stable coins that traded at very low prices. Binance used those markets because they were their own markets, the Binance markets, to mark certain traders positions. And they basically had to close out their margin long, as I'm assuming. Right. And so then they just go and smack down tokens until everyone's account balances back in order to protect the exchange. And so, again, it's a complicated reflexivity of how you mark assets when you trade a Bitcoin US dollar contract, but you margin in another currency. How do you do that? And which mark price do you use? Do you use the price on your own exchange to mark the collateral or do you use the external price of a bunch of other exchanges to mark the collateral? There's no right or wrong answer. It's really as a policy choice. And it's then up to the exchange to communicate the policy choice. And then it's up to the trader to understand the implications of that particular policy choice. And one of the implications was that because Binance used marked assets based on prices on the Binance exchange and Binance's market was not as liquid as the global market, then someone was able to push the price down on some of these more illiquid collateral assets, forcing a cascading of liquidations, which caused those really deep liquidation wicks that we saw in Binance and a lot of shitcoins versus Coinbase, which doesn't have the same microstructure of its markets and didn't experience this. I want to ask you about USDE. So that day, of course, on Binance, it dropped to 0.65, I think. And for a lot of TradFi people texted me and they're like, oh, the stablecoin is not stable, blah, blah, blah. And how would you explain to a person that is not deep in crypto what actually happened? So, again, Binance has a USDE market is not that liquid versus Curve, which is the most liquid place where you can exchange USDE for USTC, for USDT, for other stables. Like Curve has the most liquidity, I don't know the numbers, but it's far and away more liquid than Binance. If you take a look at the USDE price on Curve versus Binance, you basically see it barely moves on Curve and then Binance has that massive dip down to 0.65 and then it recovers. So this is just one particular market, not very liquid. Somebody attacked that market by dumping a bunch of USDE and it traded lower. If the global market had all fallen down to 0.65, then we could say, OK, what is the market worried about? OK, what would the market be worried about at 0.65? Oh, because of this massive liquidation event, Athena's profit got capped and therefore they are underhedge as the market keeps falling. Unfortunately, not unfortunately, fortunately for Athena, that did not happen. Athena was over collateralized throughout the whole incident and actually made money on some of its short positions. So I'm just regurgitating what Guy and the Athena people put out on X. And so it is improper to say that there was a DPEC. There was no DPEC. The mint and redeem functions of USDE worked perfectly fine for all those who were authorized to create and redeem USDE. Now, if that function had been shut off or traders were unable to essentially tender USDE and get back Bitcoin or Ethereum or Solana or USDT, whatever you get back when you redeem USDE, then I would say, yes, there was a DPEGging event. The linkage between the underlying assets and the ability for authorized participants to create those assets or redeem those assets, that was broken. Therefore, there was a DPEGging event. No, this is just Binance has an illiquid market. Somebody pushed the price and obviously it generates some adverse consequences. But the Athena protocol is and was sound. Now, it just sounds like that day was just a very short tragedy and a lot happened within a very short period of time. But people are not that concerned about the crypto market long term. This is not the start of a bear market. I don't think so. Last time we talked, it was five months ago. And you famously said that most of people's altcoins will not go up in price no more, which was pretty accurate in most cases. But we've seen some of the shit coins go up like the DEXs, right? Chinese meme coins, for example. But that was not quite the altcoin season we were expecting. I mean, everyone looks at the last cycle and assumes that that will repeat and every cycle is different. So altcoin season in 2025 means something different than altcoin season in 2020. That's just unfortunate fact of markets. So you think it actually happened or it is happening? I mean, hyperlick was done very well. There's definitely been success stories in this cycle in terms of altcoins. It's just, you know, they weren't the you didn't succeed in the same way you succeeded in 2020 and 21. We were all farming compound and Aave and DYDX and Uniswap and all these other things, right? Different game than today. So we have gone through an altcoin season. Is that what you're saying? We're in the altcoin season. People have made a lot of money on certain altcoins. Unfortunately, we are now better able to understand that 99.99% of all these things are zeros and they have no clients. If they have clients, they're not spending any real money. They're just getting token emissions. And then, you know, some projects, unfortunately, have all this money. They don't give it back to us, the token holders, and we're punishing them all as they should be punished. We are in mid October right now. Are you still buying or are you taking profit? We're fully invested. We're long. So I'm just sitting back and watching my proverbial popcorn and just watching. When it comes to taking profit, should we sell it all at once? Should we DCA out? What is your strategy? I think you should set a goal before you get into your trading. What is your goal of investing in crypto? Is it, okay, I want to buy this particular good, or is it an outcome? I want to quit my job and be a full time shit corner. I don't know, whatever it is, right? So the first mistake people make is they don't set a goal when they get into this. So what's your goal? Like, what's my goal? My goal is capital preservation, not capital appreciation. So I take way less risk than somebody else because maybe their goal is capital appreciation because they don't have enough capital. And then when they get to that point, then maybe they switch to the preservation mode. But you have to set your goal first. And then when you reach the goal, then you take the profit commensurate with the goal. But if you don't set a goal and you don't have any idea why you're doing this or how long you want to do it for, how much effort you want to spend, then you might take profit at the wrong time or you might never take profit at all. So I don't think there's a one size fits all strategy. It really has to do with what are your personal or firm wide goals for getting into this crypto ecosystem? I want to know what your goal would look like. Let's say I'm a 25 year old, just got into this market. I have 100K and I want to retire at, I don't know, 10 mil. Now what? Like, do you? I think it should be more of an outcome based in because money is just a tool. Is that the goal in and of itself? There was something you wanted to do when you got to that number, whether it was quit a job, buy a house, buy a car, go travel, whatever it was. Right. Well, you thought you could quit your job, but no, no. There's a point to making money if you're going to do something with it, whatever that thing or activity is. And so I think you should plan for that. And then obviously, how do you want to make your money depends on like how much time commitment, right? Some people say, yeah, I'm willing to be in the trenches 24 7, have phone alarms on. Whatever, whatever happens, I get alerted. I don't care about my sleep and all that sort of. OK, cool. Be a crypto trader. Use the leverage trade perps, do all this stuff. If you're willing to dedicate yourself like that to your profession, which is day trading, if you're like, you know what? I have other things I want to do in my life. Maybe I have a full time job and maybe this is just like an investment to supplement my income. They need to take a little bit longer term view on what you're you're buying. You need to have a good understanding of the white paper. What is your investing in? What are the narratives? What does this look like? What do I think the world looks like in a year and a half, two years or whatever it is? Right. A longer time horizon so that you're not sitting there trying to juking jive in the markets and getting chopped up and liquidated and all those things, because you can't concentrate to the level necessary to be successful as a trader who uses leverage. So I think a lot of the issue is that people have a dream, but they don't think about the time that they want to invest to get there. Like, oh, if I just do 100x leverage, I'm just going to 10x my my stack every time I put a trade on. Of course. And I didn't feel like spending the many hours to read the documentation about what I'm actually trading, how this exchange works. And then all of a sudden I lose everything in 10 minutes because the exchange worked exactly how they said it was going to work. And that's the unfortunate part. Now, I know that the exchange execs experiencing and dealing with these customer support issues cannot say it like that. I can't give a fuck. And I've been there before. And this is what, unfortunately, has happened. I don't think the exchanges are really at fault here. It's really just customers do not have the proper appreciation for the amount of time it takes to be a good trader. Do you see volatility and risk as the same thing? No, no. I mean, volatility is one risk if you use leverage or it's an asset if you don't in certain circumstances. Risk is there's so many different types of risks, smart contract risk, exchange getting hacked risk, all these sorts of things. So again, volatility could be a good thing, could be a bad thing, depends on what you're trading. So when a layman person sees Bitcoin, they're like, this is a risky asset. Is this statement wrong? Yes, it is wrong. Why is it risky? Is it, oh, I wanted to put my whole life savings in it. And if the thing goes down 10 percent, I can't pay my mortgage or something like that. Right. Yes, it is a risky asset because of your outcome and how you're investing. If you're saying, hey, I believe this is a call option on Fiat debasement, then I love volatility. Make my option more valuable. I love that. I have an infinite duration. Give me more volatility. So really, again, why are you investing in Bitcoin? What's your time horizon? How much are you willing to lose? Volatility is either an asset or can detract from the performance of your portfolio. Earlier, you said you are now investing more conservatively. But in another interview, you said you identify early investments exit within two to three years and you aim for 10x to 100x returns. A lot. But I'm also, you know, our checks are 50 to 100 thousand dollars. They're not very big. If you think about it in a venture capital perspective, if we lose 100 percent on every single one of our VC investors, which we haven't, hats off to Aksha and the team for the amazing work they've been doing, then we would still make money as Maelstrom because we have advisory, we do other liquid trading. So again, it's a whole suite of trading strategies that we employ. The riskiest stuff that we do on the VC side, we deploy the least amount of capital. And obviously, to make up for the fact that we're not deploying that much capital, we expect very, very high returns. And so that's how I sort of calibrate things, which I don't give a fuck whether or not any of these investments do well or not do well, because I'm not putting that much capital on the line. But asymmetrically, if they do really well, then great. OK, I turned, you know, 50,000 into a million dollars. Hats off. What would make you want to put down that investment? Is it the founder or the narrative? What is that one thing you look for? I don't look for anything. I don't look at any investments. Aksha is a good investor. I trust him. I sign everything that comes across my desk. I know they look at, you know, team quality of team founders, obviously narrative, time in the cycle. I'm more focused on time in the cycle, right? Right now, is that the right time in the cycle? So for us, at least, right? The prices that are offered on good projects are too expensive. And so we are not investing right now very much at all. I don't even know. We've probably done a handful of VC deals this year, if I can even remember. What would have to happen for you to start again? Market go down 80 percent, something like that. Then people start getting religion in terms of price and what we're offering, the high quality projects that are coming in our strike zone. We have very strict limits on what we'll pay. It doesn't matter what we think of your project. We will only pay X. And if that doesn't work out, that's fine. We'll wait. We're patient. Do you ever sell Bitcoin? If you expect the market to go down 80 percent, do you sell it and buy back? We'll see what happens when we get there. What are the other options with my money? What I want to do? You know, I don't know. I can't make that determination right here. Because there are two ways of trading Bitcoin that I've heard. One says the Michael Saylor way is I'll always buy the top. I will not sell. This is the most and the cheapest you can buy at this moment. And then the other way is you can trade it like four seasons. You know, you sell in summer, buy in winter. That way you accumulate the most Bitcoin. Which one are you? I think it really depends on your capital structure. Of course he doesn't care. He's buying it through a public company where he's issuing debt to do it. There's a reason why he's able to say these sorts of things. You are not all Michael Saylor. There's only one Michael Saylor. There's one micro strategy and you are not that. So I don't think taking his advice in terms of what he does as a company level, which makes sense for the capital structure he's engineered, makes sense for an individual investor. Yeah, okay. Maybe if you're only investing like a few basis points of your net worth, like do you give a fuck? No, this is a call option, right? You know, it'll do well or it won't do well. And sure, you're not really concerned about buying or selling it. If this is 95% of your net worth and you're trying to, you know, do different things, then maybe you'll sell some by a house or whatever, buy some other good or service or what have you. Right. Because you've done well. Now you can use this capital to achieve a certain life outcome. But not everyone can time the market so well. Of course. So you are saying that people should still enjoy their life. It's not all about stacking Bitcoin. You stack Bitcoin for a purpose. And everyone's purpose is different. My purpose, I want to go skiing, right? Okay, am I going to sacrifice my time on the slopes to take more risk in crypto? Fuck that. No way. I'm here to ski. Oh, my God. I love that. You also talked about a generational collapse. What is that? So, I mean, I think we're going to massive money printing all over the world. And sometime by the end of the decade, we'll get a massive bear market and everything. Crypto, stocks, property, everything. Hopefully there's a war. But I think we're going to have, you know, a reset. Why? Why can't people just keep on printing if that is what they're going to do anyway? They can. And then, you know, you will find that you don't have a head on your shoulders after a while. There's certain points, society says enough is enough and we're unwilling to accept this. And we're going to depose you. And we're seeing this in Nepal, where the country is, for example, Madagascar. There's a popular uprising. The youth are, you know, they're educated. They have the Internet. They have AI. They read history. They're like, this is bullshit. This whole system is bullshit. And the wheels are starting to come off slowly, you know, in little countries that, you know, the West doesn't care about or maybe China doesn't care about. But this is the trend, right? The young are like, this is bullshit. The system that people older than us created. Yet we're the ones who are supposed to inherit this. Fuck it. Let's have a new system. Now, I don't know if the new system is better or worse, but at least it's not the same. And what is insanity? It's doing the same thing over again, expecting a different result. And I think the youth of the world are done doing the same thing, expecting a different result. And so they're going to change it up. And the more money you print, the faster you herald this change, where those without financial assets, crypto, stocks, real estate, whatever, those, the 99% of the world who doesn't have enough financial assets to escape the money printing say, well, fuck you. I'm not going to sit here as a docile debt donkey. I'm going to get off my ass and protest and depose the government or whatever. And so I think that's the unfortunate result when you inflate away the money supply. And you think that's going to happen everywhere in the world? I think we're going to have convulsion, not to say that they'll be successful in every part of the world, but if we go by the little things that we've seen so far, this is the trend, the nihilism of Gen Z. And it's always the youth who are the most invigorated proponents of any revolution, whether successful or not, they'll be the ones out in the street crying and dying. But we'll see what sort of political systems emerge out of that. But it's very difficult to own financial assets in these times is unpredictable. I am not familiar with if this has happened in the past. Has it happened before? Like people go on the street, protest, and somehow the financial system just resets itself. I mean, look at what happened in 1917 and Bolsheviks in Russia, right? They had a whole czarist system, the bourgeois were thrown out, you know, they changed the system. There are new people on top, new people on the bottom. Obviously, the same thing happened in 1949 in communist China. You know, there were certain winners in Maoist China and a lot of losers. Some very big recent examples of what happens when you have a whole disillusioned part of society fed up with inflation and mismanagement. You say, OK, we're just going to change the system. Now, whether or not it's better or worse, the system before it is kind of irrelevant. It's just change and there are losers in this change. Can I say that during the Trump's administration, at least the economy will be good? Good for who? Depends on what you mean by good, right? Good as in? Stocks go up. OK, good. Do you own stocks? 90% of Americans don't own enough stocks. So, but yeah, that's a fair point. That's a fair point. OK, maybe you break it down for me. What would it look like from your prediction? I bitcoin a million dollars. It's very simple. Like everything's up. The S&P 10,000, Nasdaq 50,000. House median house price is $750,000. Yeah, I mean, this is his goal. If you listen to what he says, what is the US Treasury Secretary says, Buffalo Bill Besson, they're very clear. We want to run the economy hot. We want to have high growth to de-leverage the American balance sheet. And obviously that entails inflation. They want the markets to go up. Trump thinks that the stock market and the crypto market are his report card. How well is he doing? What's the S&P? What's Bitcoin at? What's the Trump meme coin at? That's what he cares about for good or for bad, whatever. And so he believes that if he can generate paper wealth in the financial markets, that will lead to a stronger America and whatever that means to him and his supporters. So believe him, he's going to do whatever it takes to print the money to get there. And similar in China, right? China believes that the stock market, or at least they're trying to tell people, the stock market as it rises, that means that we're doing better as the government. And so you should buy stocks because you believe that the Chinese Communist Party is going to deliver on all these things, you retail investor. So again, it's all every government, whether or not they're communist or capitalist, is the same. They do different things to juice the markets. But I think a lot of governments view the stock market as their report card. Since we're talking about US, US debt and all that, I want to ask you about stable coins. So I think in one of your interviews with Bankless in May, you were talking about how stable coin. So basically, you're saying that Genius Act forces stable coin issuers to buy short term T-bills. And that means it quietly shifts the real power from the Fed to the US Treasury. Is that right? Yeah, so as there is this cohort of folks to earn money, they need to buy treasuries. They can only buy it. That's all they can buy. They got dollars. What else can you buy? The only risk-free asset you can buy is the US Treasury in nominal terms. So Besink can say, OK, well, I now control the short end of the curve because I can issue my T-bills at whatever rate I want. And I know that this massive stable coin issuer crowd has to buy whatever I'm selling, whatever price I'm selling it at, because they have no other option because if they want to earn revenue, they need to invest in income producing asset. That is a US Treasury bill. And so that's how he neuters the Fed because now the Fed funds rate doesn't matter. It's whatever Besink wants to put short term rates at via his T-bill issuers. Is this just a prediction or is it happening? This is just a prediction. The stable coin market isn't big enough yet. Obviously, Tether is massive, it was the 19th largest holder of debt. But I think as we get to trillions of dollars worth of stable coin circulation, then the largest holders of T-bills will become very powerful and there'll be a cohort to be gone after by the Treasury in terms of, hey, I've got these T-bills, maybe Fed funds is at 2 percent, but Besink is at 1. She's okay, I'm going to give you 1 percent and they're going to say, okay, cool. I have no other option. Sure, give it to me. So then we're watching a world where governments spending now becomes the main driver of the market. Not that it already has been the government spending, central bank balance sheets and bank credit growth. Every country and government does things a bit differently, but those are the three main ways in which Fiat gets created. And so that's why we should monitor it as crypto investors. Okay, then let's talk about Google and what they're doing with their stable coin. So they came up with this thing that's called the agent payment protocol. That means, you know, AI agents can literally just pay each other crypto tokens. So do you think we're seeing a world or we're moving towards a world where machine to machine transaction is going to happen and without us even knowing? Of course, because there are different agents who have to buy and sell things on the internet. And the thing that they have to buy and sell, the most critical thing they have to buy and sell are intelligence. So tokens, right? I think at some point there's going to be some sort of connection between a cryptographic blockchain and inference on AI. Like, okay, I want to run this chat GPT. Okay, my request uses so many tokens and obviously I'm paying for that implicitly via my subscription. But what if a government says, okay, well, we need to tax these robots and these AIs because we need to fund social programs for these humans who don't have work. The easiest way it's going to happen is I'm going to put a tax on tokens. Every time me as a customer generates some sort of request or an agent is doing something on my behalf, it's using intelligence spending tokens. It has to pay some tax somehow to the government. So I think there's definitely going to be cryptographic payments. Maybe it's a Bitcoin, maybe it's some other blockchain that will be happening between AI agents and then us as well as the end user of some of these things. Why do you say Bitcoin? Because it's the most proven form of electronic money. Everyone uses it. It's got the highest market cap. You know, if you're an agent who just spawned into existence and you're like, okay, well, I have to use this money thing to get what I need. Are you going to use a new form of money, maybe some newly created new shit coin or are you going to use the OG Bitcoin? I would think you can use Bitcoin because, again, you want to preserve your purchasing power. And you've probably been asked this a hundred times about quantum computers. But what is your thought? I think that we have a known possible vector of bad things happening to Bitcoin. They're very smart individuals who are much smarter than me, who probably have a lot more salient and points on why quantum is a threat and why it's not a threat. I'm not Louise on that. I'll defer to people who are much smarter than me to talk about that. But the good thing is we know it's a risk. There's a lot of crosstalk in terms of whether or not what is being built on the quantum side is actually scaling towards being able to break encryption. And other people saying, no, it's so far away. You don't need to worry about this. I don't know. I can't make heads or tails of it. So I'm not particularly worried about it. You're still skiing, so you're not too worried. Well, since we're talking about skiing, you've compared skiing to trading. What did you say again? You said you overthink, then you are going to crash. Something like that. I mean, I'm relaxed. So, again, choose your trading strategy that makes sense. I would not be able to ski all day if I was trying to eke out my living leverage trading in crypto. Not to say that's a bad thing to do, but it's just a different way of approaching things. You seem very chill and relaxed right now, but I would assume back in the days it was very chaotic for you, running companies, trading crypto and all that. What was it like? Yes, running exchanges, obviously a lot more work. But the good thing about an exchange is if you structure correctly, you should never lose money. And so we love volatility. Things like last week can happen and we've had similar situations back in the day when BitMEX was more relevant. Again, we made a lot of money. Of course, you always are trying to figure out new policies to prevent people from making you bad mistakes. And maybe this is my own failing is like I'm a bit more of a market purist than maybe some of the other exchange CEOs. And obviously, there are certain times in which you should relax these constraints and give money to users who don't otherwise deserve it. But I think at the end of the day, if you build an exchange correctly, put the proper risk metrics in place in the exchange, it's actually not that stressful of a job. It's not the market movements that generates the stress of running an exchange because again, you've protected yourself. That's why all these things exist is to protect the exchange so that no matter what happens in the market, it's always open. You can always trade and make or lose money. I love that you make it sound so easy. But then you also said before that you were also the customer support back in the day. Yeah, that was a lot. Right. But then you make it sound so easy right now. We had our stressful times. But again, we weren't stressed about the market moving, which is I think, unfortunately, a lot of exchange people have created business models where they need the price of this going to go up or they need certain things to happen in the market. And when it doesn't happen, then they suffer adverse consequences like FTX. Sandbaker Frida had to have the market go up. And when it stopped going up, then he went out of business. So that becomes stressful. We didn't have that kind of stress. A bitmex will be built. It still runs a very good piece of tech that mitigates a lot of these issues. I see. I see. Can we spend the last five minutes of our conversation talking about how you actually your journey into the whole exchange game? And what was it like? You spent half of your life in Asia, I think. Yes. I moved out here in 2008. I wanted to be where the action was. And I studied Chinese in school. Then I went to Hong Kong to live and work after I graduated. And then I never really left the region. Wait. So one day you're just like, I want to study Chinese. I studied Chinese in university because I wanted to move to China. Really? Yeah. What was it? Was it a movie? Was it a person, a friend? Why? No. I just wanted to be economically. I didn't want to work my whole life in the US structure. Can just be one of other umpteen millions of people in New York City. I'd rather go somewhere more fun like Asia. So you grew up in New York? Buffalo, New York. It's a small city, but eight hours from New York, New Canada. And I want to move to China. Let's learn some Chinese. Wow. And then what you just moved here after you graduated college. Yeah, I found a job in Hong Kong and then moved to Hong Kong after I graduated. And that was the first time you have ever been to Asia? No, I did study abroad and I worked this summer in Asia as well. So would you ever move back? I mean, China is different. I think there's other places in Asia that I like. I mean, I ski in Japan. So I'm more in Japan than anywhere else, probably. I love that you assume I said China. I was talking about Buffalo. Oh, no. Right. Why is that? I would rather move to tier three Chinese city than move back to Buffalo, New York. Really? Why? I find it be more interesting than going back to where you're from. But I think that's everyone can probably say the same thing, right? You're hometown. You'd rather go somewhere else and be where you're from. But you have been here for a long time. Yeah. You don't miss home. This is home. This is home. Interesting. Interesting. Well, name a few things that Asia is better than US. Food. I mean, I think Asian people are not going to suffer bad food at all price levels. Right. Especially like Singapore, you go to the hawker center. It's super cheap where you can go to super high end stuff. Travel. There's so many different climates. Cold, hot, tropical, subtropical, whatever, all across region. Lots of different cultures. And then if you think about economically, this has been the center of the world pretty much since human existence. It's only been the last 500 years when it's changed. And obviously, things are swinging back in sort of the Eurasian direction going forward. So I think this is the place to be. I love talking to you. This was great. Thank you so much for your time. Thanks for having me.