 We're trying to bring Bitcoin to Solana. Ethereum is slow. We can be scalable into a media on the blockchains. Why do you want to franchise a restaurant in the desert? He's calling everybody else desert. Like... Do you have a Solana price prediction? Should be like a thousand dollars at least. This cycle. Yeah, easy. We should overtake Solana Ethereum. Now you can create a Bonnie BTC or your version of BTC. Why would I want that? Well, cause if you tell people that just buy Bitcoin right now, just huddle, you are a selfish person. There is limited upside. Why is there a limited upside? Well, it's not going to be 10X here. The future of DeFi and Deepin. Let's talk about this with our next guest, Justin Wong. He is the founder of Zeus Network, a very interesting protocol. They're doing some very exciting things. Welcome to the show, Justin. Pleasure. My name is David Lin. Bonnie Cheng. So, before we get started with the technical details, let's just give a brief introduction on the project itself. What is Zeus Network? So, put it in a simple nutshell, where we're trying to bring Bitcoin to Solana. And then there are a lot of ways to bring Bitcoin to Solana. Obviously we have Coinbase, Kraken, a lot of institutions are bringing their Bitcoin to Solana. But we figured out that, instead of using centralized entity to bring Bitcoin, Wykend Solana brings Bitcoin itself. And I think that's where the interesting part, where our technology strengthen this, is that Zeus as a protocol, as a network, we ask Solana to generate a Bitcoin address. And then when Solana generate a Bitcoin address, you deposit Bitcoin in there. Solana verify, validate, lock your Bitcoin, and then meet another version of Bitcoin on the Solana. So, everything's done on permissionless. There is no third party. There's no somebody else verify this. Everything's done on chain permissions 24-7. You are, well, you described Zeus network as a layer 1.5. What does that mean? Well, when we started Zeus about two years ago, we saw a lot of fragmentations on Bitcoin ecosystems. A lot of so-called Bitcoin layer two came out saying that they're doing better, they have better speed, better ecosystem. But we have come to realization knowing that, we don't need more in layer two, layer three. We need an ecosystem that actually makes sense, that actually usable on a daily basis. And instead of calling us layer two for Solana, we're not layer two, first of all, we are layer 0.5. We enable Solana to become a Bitcoin layer two. We enable Solana to become better more than just Solana. Last time we talked, I think this was last year, and you said less than 1% of Bitcoin is on chain activities, right? What is the number now? Until last we had a study, 94.7% of Bitcoin transactions are still happening on exchanges. Almost three to 4% Bitcoin is gone completely. Only three to 4%? I mean, as far as I know, that it was coming on website obviously, and then 0.7% of Bitcoin is putting on chain across 26 different blockchains out there. So I think we're still very early seeing this on chain usage of Bitcoin. And a lot of people are still exploring this part. I mean, obviously, if you guys want to exhibition this time, you see a lot of proof so-called saying that BTC five, BTC layer two, BTC economies. But what is Bitcoin economy, right? No one knows, but putting Bitcoin on chain is probably the next biggest narrative moving forward. You meet a lot of Bitcoiners here, right? And they hear Solana, they automatically be like, oh, no, but what is the feedback you're getting today? Well, the feedback is that interestingly, I talked to Juan Mottomexy, I can name the person, right? So he walked up to our booth and asked me that, why do we need Solana? And asked the person that, where do you treat your Bitcoin? And then the person answered Kraken or Coinbase. And I'm like, okay, but what if you can buy Bitcoin on Solana? And then the person is like, I didn't know how to. If you can buy Bitcoin on Solana with no KYC, KYB, and if it's used as a company enabled to speed, that's faster than using Bitcoin to Kraken or Bitcoinbase, because we have to talk about the technology we're trying to build for Zeus, right? An average time of using Bitcoin to Coinbase and Kraken is about an hour and four minutes with one Bitcoins. Right now, Zeus, what we do right now on our average of sending one Bitcoin to Solana is about 48 minutes. Within the next three months, we're trying to speed up the process. Wait, back up, so besides the speed aspect, why would anybody, just as a for a beginner, why would anybody want to buy Bitcoin on Solana versus just buying it through Kraken, for your example? Well, first of all, we as a global citizen, is that everyone have access to Coinbase or Kraken? Sure. And first of all, KYC, KYB is another hurdle that a lot of people are taking into considerations. And with a recent attack that Solana co-founder got hacked with the information from Coinbase, that makes us wonder, right? Is there a solution that we have no KYC, KYB required that we can freely buy Bitcoin? Isn't that what Bitcoin is for? You don't need KYC for Bitcoin. You don't need KYB for Bitcoin either. But Bitcoin as a chain, as a token, it was never being programmable on the layer one perspective, on the Bitcoin layer one perspective, right? It's too slow, too expensive. It's not meant to be building application on top. But what if you put a Solana with the speed, with the UX, that you can freely buy Bitcoin any time you want, no KYC, KYB? Take me step by step. How does it look like to buy Bitcoin on Zeus? Well, Zeus as a layer, it's an infra that will enable founders, developers to build applications on top. So the first application is called Apollos. Basically, you deposit Bitcoin to Apollos. You wait about 44 minutes to 48 minutes, and then mint it ZBDC. And you can sell ZBDC into Sol or into USDC. And that will take you about two seconds. Pretty sure you guys have tried Solana before, right? Average speed of a transaction is about two or three seconds, or even faster. So that adds up. You have about 40, 52, 53 minutes. It could be potentially faster than using Bitcoin to crack in or code-based selling Bitcoin. But why Solana as a blockchain for Zeus? You could have picked anything else. Well, first of all, Ethereum is slow. And Solana is probably the number one used blockchain right now. And interestingly, when we started Zeus, there were only 487 Bitcoin coming to Solana. Until today, we have almost 9,000 Bitcoin store into Solana within 16 months of period of time. It's all because of you. Not because of me. But we were definitely the early advocates. But I think people are realizing that we don't need more layers for Bitcoin. We need actual usable blockchain, like Solana, that you can use daily basis. And then when you have Bitcoin put into Solana, you're essentially increasing, improving, enhancing the UX of Bitcoin in general. Why do I need to have my Bitcoin on Solana? Why do I want to use your protocol? All right, so there are a few ways to break Bitcoin to Solana right now. Obviously, the first choice is WBDC. The only way for you to mint WBDC, you have to go through it for verify merchants, which is OTC channels. If you are selling more than 10 WBDC, you have to be verified as a member and join as a channel. So it takes a lot of hurdles to join, to mint, and to bring your WBDC to native BTC. And second choice would be Coinbase BDC. You have to be KYC, KYB into Coinbase systems, and then deposit your Bitcoins and mint it CBBDC. So third, you have to use solutions permissionless where you deposit into Apollo, no KYC, KYB. Everything is done on chain verify. We don't take your BDC, first of all. You don't know why these exchanges are doing WBDC. Oh, where is it then? Oh, that's interesting. Where is the BTC? Like for exchanges or for you? It's locked under the Bitcoin address, because the Bitcoin address is actually generated by Solana as a blockchain. So once it generates, you have a unique public address. You deposit in there, Solana lock this Bitcoin. And in order for you to redeem it back to native BDC, you have to give back another version of BDC, and then you can withdraw your native BDC back to your own Bitcoin wallets. Walk us through the day or night where you had a problem doing whatever it is you were trying to do. That was the inspiration behind Zeus. We're lost on my entire Bitcoin allocations, positions from BlockFi. You know, we were promised by 4.8% of YELL return on an annual basis. Yeah, like, you know, and then that makes me wonder, right? Like we deposit Bitcoin to the ledger, centralized ledger. So what are they actually doing with our Bitcoin positions, right? That's the same as you deposit your Bitcoin to Coinbase, Binance, OKS or Kraken. When they mint your version of BDC, are they actually being packed up by one-to-one ratios? We don't know. We don't know that. You use MPC to secure Bitcoin. What does that mean? No institution would trust a line of codes. I think we did get a lot of criticism saying that we're using third-party custodian security to enhance our solution. But multi-computational security is something that a lot of institutions are using, BitGoals, Anchorage, Hex, Cobol. I think these are institutions that are being largely used by retail or institution nowadays. In fact, I think 90% of Bitcoin that's actually putting on chain are stored by MPC solutions. There's a reason why we chose MPC. We want to bring Zeus to institutional adoptions. We want to be one of the institutional instruments to enable institutions coming to Solana using their Bitcoin liquidity. But you don't have your own validators, right? You use Solana's validators. So what are the trade-offs and benefits of this? Well, we have guardians. It's more like a subnode for MPCs. The validators are the ones that validate Solana transactions. But our guardians represent as an MPC security. So when you deposit Bitcoins, it's actually safely guarded by our MPC modules instead of one Zeus team. So let's say right now we have about eight to nine guardians. So let's say you deposit Bitcoin to Apollo. The address is actually secured by one of the guardians. Back up. What's Apollo? The application that's actually built on top of Zeus. So different application, still you have to use Zeus guardians. It's like a subnode. But you can treat it as a validator within Zeus ecosystems that guard your tokens. That brings me to something I've been wondering, is the future of DeFi overall. Why do we need anything besides Bitcoin? If you can build basically any application you want on Bitcoin theoretically, or you can start staking Bitcoin, why do you need anything else? Great questions. I get that a lot from Maxi. So first of all, I'm not a Maxi, by the way. I'm just wondering. Great questions. OK, we'll figure that out. Great questions. But I mean, future is agnostic in the way that you can't stop people innovating. There's going to be more blockchain coming out every year. As a person that I candid industry back in 2014, I've seen a lot. 2017, we were fighting about TPS. How fast your blockchain is. 2019, we're talking about how many applications actually built on top. And now, fast forward, 2025, we're actually talking about Bitcoin on chains. These are the things that you're not going to be seeing from back in the days, especially on Reddit, on Bitcoin forums. Everyone's going to call you crazy when you're saying. But I think there's a reason why Satoshi made Bitcoin with POW mechanisms. And obviously, there's pros and cons with POWs. Slow, secure, not being to be programmable. And that gives another door for opportunities for a lot of entrepreneurs, founders, to that, hey, why can't we provide a technology that enable Bitcoin putting onto the ledgers and have been manifest this innovations, such as Solana, or she was trying to build right now. Bitcoin yield. I think everybody's talking about that. Where does the yield come from? First of all, there's no Bitcoin yield. Earlier, you said they put it on chain, and they want to look for a Bitcoin yield. Yes, that's where the tricky part is. Because Solana has yield. Ethereum has yield, because there are POS. So basically, you earn from all these validators rewards into token stakers. But there is no POS for Bitcoin. Where does that come from? So I think the way we have to look at Bitcoin, we can't look at a POS mechanism. We have to look at it as a mega liquidity. One Bitcoin doesn't include one soul. But one Bitcoin means a lot of liquidity on chain for a lot of protocols. A protocol can generate revenue on top of all these mega liquidities. Then you have your on chain revenues. I think that's something that ZEUS is trying to do. ZEUS is a small company from Taiwan and Asia. We can compete with Coinbase. In fact, I was actually in this broadcast this morning. We were talking about this. It's like, why are you guys trying to compete with Coinbase? Why are you guys trying to compete with Kraken and OKX? We are competing in different aspects. We are trying to build Bitcoin application economies, instead of using centralized wrappers, bridge BTC, having that pretty TVL for a lot of blockchains. We are taking different ports, right? We want to build a sustainable application to actually generate Bitcoin yield for a lot of Bitcoin depositors, especially on Solana. So when you talk about yield, the yield is a different token, right? Yield can be native BTC. Do you think the ZEUS model could be replicated for other things in the ecosystem? Can there be a ZEUS for Cosmos or Avalanche or Ethereum? Is there a need for that? Well, I like the aspect of this, right? We can be scalable into a media on the blockchains, but why do you want to franchise a restaurant in a desert? He's calling everybody else desert. Like... We're in a desert now, actually. It's a good question. We are, but as an enterprise owner, restaurant owner, in fact, you want to go for whatever street has traffic, right? Okay, fair enough. If Solana has the most traffic, we should strengthen within Solana ecosystem. And then back to the question that you also mentioned, what kind of application that we can build? So I think what's just trying to do here is that anyone can tokenize Bitcoin. It's not just for institution or exchanges. Right now, we're starting to see the first wave of Bitcoin tokenizations are done by high-level institution exchanges. Ethereum was considered fast until Solana became faster, right? Is there something else that could beat Solana down the line, you think? I don't think Solana has ever talked about the speed. Solana has always talked about adoptions. Who are the people using the chain? How can we onboard more players, more institutions, more retails that actually want to devote it into the chain itself? So... I feel like betting on a chain is like betting on the marriage sometimes, right? As the founders, you know? We spent almost five years betting on Solana. We have three times... I mean, we have three opportunities to walk away with Solana, right? Solana's eight bucks, FTX, bank crops. A lot of things that we could just walk away, but we knew this chain has one of the best social layers. You just said it's like getting married, right? So if you describe Solana as a partner, how would you describe your partner? Love and hate. Almost got divorced several times, but he still came back for her. I want to say it's true love, but definitely dedicated. But how, okay, what are the good qualities you see in your partner? You're like, okay, I'm staying. Are we still talking about crypto right now? Yeah. Well... The level of commitment and execution that's done by the foundation itself and the chain itself is one of a kind. People that are building us a lot are very united. Obviously, there are some politics I don't want to name, but overall, everyone's sticking together. I think it's not about how great of technology you're building, honestly. You can always build a better technology down the road. There will be, but blockchain economy isn't about tech sometime. It's about social layers, social consensus. Do you have a Solana price prediction? Should be like a thousand dollars at least. This cycle. Yeah, easy. We should overtake Ethereum for the next two, three years. Wow, that's the headline. So then you're not very bullish on Ethereum. Where do you think it'll grow slower? Well, I feel like picking a chance, like going into a buffet, right? You can't stop a person going through chain to chain. I love this guy's metaphors. Where do you get these imagery from? I made that up, by the way. But it's about well effects sometimes. When a chain gets hot, there's a lot of well effects, a lot of things going on. People are just going to bridge over. You can't stop them. But one thing I would call me to have a realization is that there is more bridge asset from Ethereum to Solana than Solana to Ethereum for the last few years. So I'm very excited. Seeing the fact that Metamask just announced that they are going to Solana. A lot of Solana OG Ethereum protocols are coming to Solana right now. So I think we're just getting started. Tell us about the Zeus token. What does it do? We as a guardians, so you can treat it as like a validator tokens. You need more X amount of Zeus to run as a guardians. You need X amount of Zeus to enable more Bitcoin to come into Solana. So I think that would be the phase two. How does governance work? There's no governance right now. We don't need governance. We need performance. I'm not a believer of true decentralization on the DAO governance. I'm more a believer is that we as a founder, we should enable more utilities and performance for the token itself. I instead would just be like, hey, we let the community decide where the token is going to head to for the next few years. So phase two is where we enable validator rewards. We have almost $6 million worth of Zeus, lock and become validators. Phase two is where applications, utilities, well, we are also going to enable lock Zeus and earn Bitcoin. So, you know, I'm not sure if you guys know stacks. You can lock stacks and earn Bitcoins. Well, we also want to enable lock Zeus on Solana and earn native Bitcoins. How does that work? Because all the application revenues that we earned are going to be purely Bitcoin. So we can kind of, we can just redistribute the Bitcoin to back to the stakeholders. Wait, tell me again, how does your revenue, why is your revenue in Bitcoin again? Because people stay in native BDC and take another version of BDC. Oh, yeah, yeah. And then when you get it back, your ex version of BDC back to native BDC with the charge fees on top as well. I think for the next month, next two months, actually, we're going to announce more application, Bitcoin application on Solana. Right now we have already announced about two, actually three is already, we're going to be announcing two more. So by the end of this year, we're very confident we should at least 10 application, Bitcoin application on Solana. You know, we have seen over 50 plus BDC application launched on various types of Bitcoin, layer two or layer three doesn't matter. They'll fail. Not because of the tech doesn't work. Not because there's no product fee. It is because there's no users. I think our edge is that we are launching the right application on the right chains. And people actually are starting to appreciate that. What's next for you in terms of scaling? I think we are taking a serious approach on institutional adoptions. I think Bitcoin is not for normies, maxis anymore. It's for bankers, big player, hedge fund manager, family offices. They all want to own Bitcoin. And once you have this asset, you're going to start asking ourselves, what can we do with these assets? Right, you're not just going to put Bitcoin in the ledgers. If you can earn additional reward, this is two to 3% in BDC amount into Solana. That is the player that we want to onboard. That is the type of institution we want to onboard to Solana as well. Okay, so what gets you once they do onboard, how will their lives change? Let's put it simply. No KYC, KYB obviously does the first thing a lot of people care. I guess some family offices in Saudi Arabia or in parts of Asia or in Europe, they don't want to be KYC, KYB. There are certainly will be demands for that. You and I both lived in Canada. You know, there's over $1,000 in accounts transfers. You have to KYC. Yeah, boys. Yeah, I guess that's the case. The fact that you can permissionously mint it and then bring your tokens and getting back to native BDC, it is one of a kind, right? Let's say Coinbase shut down. Coinbase goes down, website goes down. You can get your native Bitcoin. I guess you could argue that Solana's going to go shut down, Solana goes down, but in fact, Solana won't shut down. We have over 3,400 validators running 24-7. Foundation could go down itself, but the blockchain would never go down. So you can always redeem it back to your native BDC. So what's different about this, philosophically speaking, than a DEX? DEX, I mean, in a way that, DEX is operating as an entity, as a team, right? As a company. But our technology is very unique in a way that every Bitcoin address is generated by Solana's blockchain. So we deposit Bitcoin, Solana is the one that lock it, Bitcoin. This hypothetically, Solana goes down. We have a solution to where we have a time-stamp recovery for our Bitcoin depositors. So within 20 days, you'll get your native Bitcoin back to your designated address. I think there's a shift in mentality. People used to think Bitcoin is this currency that you can buy a coffee with. You might be able to in the future, and then it becomes digital gold. Where are we heading to? Tokenization of Bitcoin. I think that's going to be huge in the way that... What does that mean? So, you know, CBBDC, WBDC, right? Now you can create a Bounty BDC or your version of BDC. Why would I want that? Well, because every transfer on-chain, you make fees out of that. So now you can do your own business. Now you can unlock the true potential for Bitcoin liquidity. If CBBDC is making millions of dollars a month, why can't you? If you are an influencer, you can have more audience that trusts you. You can easily launch your version of Bitcoins and make tons of fees off on-chains. Why do you think more applications aren't being built on Bitcoin right now? Well, first of all, it's a trillion-dollar asset. If you can unlock like 1% of the liquidity into application or layer, essentially you're running as a billion-dollar company. And nobody has ever done it before. And I'm pretty sure somebody is going to go after this. And I think Zeus and many players, which you see at the exhibitions, are actually going for this. I remember at the DAS, she was also very disappointed at D-pins and decentralized applications. Your questions around that were very, very hard, I remember. So let's talk about that. What is Zeus' role in the D-pin space? If a D-pin application wants to take Bitcoin on its own on-chain, they're possibly using our solutions. Likely that a lot of protocols are expressing to us that they want to take our solution instead of using CBDC and WBDC. Because it could cause, like I said, a systematic risk if Coinbase shuts down or goes down by database, or if WBDC gets reflected on D-PAC, a lot of protocols could go down as well. Because think about this, right? If a version of Bitcoin gets D-PAC, whose fault is that? Who's going to take the entire responsibility? It's the one that receives. So the protocol owners, founders, business owner, could be jeopardized by all these choices, right? That's why I think a lot of institutions or investors watching, they want to understand. So that could D-PAC, but why is yours stable? Or let's say you create a burger BDC on Solana. Let's say you create this contract. In order for one burger BDC to be minted, you actually need to deposit one native BDC into the address. So the burger BDC wouldn't be flowing around on-chain unless somebody deposited a native BDC into the address. So it's like an ICO days, right? You say ETH, you get a token contracts, you get a token back. It's similar to what we're trying to do right now. We want to ensure this one-to-one lock ratio. Even Trump can change the rules. It's all done by Solana programs, by Zeus infra, one-to-one ratios. And when you have this one-to-one ratio, you gain a lot of retail trust, institutional trust, on-chain usage. You can create a lot of Bitcoin innovations on top of it. OK, so any next steps for Zeus now? We want to unlock more Bitcoin economy and application into Solana. And right now we have done it. We're in the last few weeks, we have announced two more applications. We are on the way to two more in the next few two months as well. So I think by then this year, we should have 10 Bitcoin applications actually driving the usage of real Bitcoin into Solana. I guess you can assume that more application means more liquidity can potentially come to Solana, especially on Bitcoin. Curious to get your views on the crypto trilemma. Something cannot have all three of the following. Scalability, security, and decentralization. Is that still true in 2025? Yes or no? I mean, every chain is taking a different approach, right? I think Solana took the fact that we want performance and then we scale and then decentralize later on. Ethereum took the route where we want to be decentralized first and then think about performance later or scalability later. So, you know, it is I think I completely agree with what you just said. But also the fact that you have to know people don't really care about decentralization. A lot of times they care about how much they spend, how fast they speed. And can they be using these chains on a daily basis? I think that's something called mass adoption. So then do you think Bitcoin will change as becoming primarily a store of value into something else in the future? In other words, the narrative for holding Bitcoin, is that going to be in constant flux? You think? I like the questions, first of all. I think if you tell people that just buy Bitcoin right now, just huddle, you are a selfish person. Because obviously, if you buy Bitcoin a couple of years ago, you were probably up a lot. People actually just bought today, yesterday, or tomorrow or next year. They can be huddled forever. There is limited upside. But there is so much upside that you can put your Bitcoin into. Why is there a limited upside? Well, it's not going to be 10x here. Michael Saylor would disagree. He can disagree all the time. Well, Saylor was the one that also disagreed with the proof of reserve on the chain. I think it's very interesting that we're starting to see more people wanting to put their Bitcoin on chains. You know, Apollo's first application on Zeus, we have attracted over 280 Bitcoin, all by retail, for the last two months. You're talking about almost $30 million by retail. We don't even know who they are. So that tells us a signal, a message, where people are interested. I think that's the reason why we want to build a next wave of infrastructures to enable this institution or retail that want to park their Bitcoin to Solana on a permissionless level. You said a lot of applications are coming on Zeus. What in your wildest dream? Like, what would the dream application be? I'm not sure if you guys watch our channel. So we launched this product. It's called BDC Sol. So basically you stake your Sol and earn Bitcoin. Stake your Sol and earn Bitcoin. OK, interesting. So Solana tokens, we take the value that we work and then DC into native BDC on chain permissionless. So the user only do just buy as a gateway as a token, Solana tokens and then stake Sol and earn Bitcoin on a daily basis. What's the yield on that? It's about 2% on BDC, which is pretty good. OK. I think these are the innovations we're trying to do for the mass adoption. If you go on the street, you're talking to an auntie or a person on the street, likely they're going to know about Bitcoin. But if you tell them to earn more Solana, they're probably going to be like, why? But if you tell them that you buy this token without losing this token, you can actually accumulate more Bitcoin on a daily basis. So that leads me to a more broad question. OK, there's 101 different arguments as to why you should hodl Bitcoin. Why should you hodl Sol? Because you have to hodl it or at least hold it for some time to realize this stake and yield. I don't think anyone advocates Solana as a store of value. I have never heard that. I don't have you. No, but we have always advocating Sol as a token should be put into work. It should be LSD. Should you still delegate your Sol to the validators? So basically, my question is, OK, so you can stake Sol, earn BTC, but to do so, I have to hold it. What is the thesis now for holding Solana, besides the fact that you think it's going to $1,000? Well, more applications building on top of Sol. More demand for Sol, more log for Sol. And the inflation rate for Sol right now is roughly about 7.4% to 8% in years, which is very reasonable. Solana now is generating about 3.4 billion revenue on an annual basis. 3.4, that's three times than 3 right now, including to the data from last week. So more application, we can rock from 3.4 to 8 to 10 to 20. And the more revenue being generated, the more Sol as a token requires. And right now, the most mine shares on GitHub right now are all in Solana. You talk to a lot of institutions and VCs, you can really see founders and developers actually building on top of Sol right now. It's all in Solana. OK, let's go back to Zeus. What contributes back to Zeus' price? Like, what system? What systems? We want to create this deterministic value price for Zeus. Obviously, more applications, more reward, more revenue. We can distribute it back to Zeus as a token holder. So imagine this, there's 20 BTC applications launching on Zeus. It means 20 application revenue strings that are putting it back to Zeus as a foundation, as a protocol. And all these revenues are going to be distributed back to Zeus' stakeholders. So it's a bit alpha. We want to enable this Stake Zeus earn Bitcoin in the next few months. There's not a way you can earn Bitcoin on chains. Are we talking about token buybacks? When you say contribute back, what does that mean? We're not buying back Zeus because, first of all, Zeus is not inflating tokens. It doesn't require to buy back. But it has to be given as a utility, right? Can you explain the mechanism for staking Solana and earning Bitcoin? Just maybe in layman terms, how does that work? So basically, you stake your Solana to LSD and you earn validator reward. It's like a POS mechanism, POS for Solana, obviously. But once you have the additional reward for yield-bearing Sol tokens, let's say you get this 10 GEDO Sol. Tomorrow it's going to be 12, 14, after 16. And we are taking these additional profits into native BTC on chains. On the backbone is ZBDC, our Zeus BTC. But remember this, every one ZBDC is backed up by one BTC. So on a UI perspective, on a UI user, when they click, they can only withdraw in native BTC. Is there a lockout period? Yes, there's no lockout period. You can do it every time, anywhere. Interesting. I think these are the type of innovation we're trying to bring to Solana ecosystem. You don't have to earn more Sol. You don't have to buy more Ming tokens to earn more Solana tokens. You can now accumulate more Bitcoin. Is there inflation for Zeus token? There's none. Just fix 1 billion supply. Okay. Let's say a potential investor is watching this episode and he or she is wondering, why should I invest in this company? Why? We are breaking Solana. We are breaking Solana every part of it. We are helping Solana become more than just Solana. If you believe in Solana, if you believe in Bitcoin, you should believe in Zeus. We are literally trying to break every part of the Bitcoin infrastructure, Solana as well, trying to make sure that BTC applications are going to be happening on Solana. And without Zeus, I don't think Solana is going to have this edge. Do you have a close competitor that's doing something similar? None. Yet? Not yet, but as far as I see, not yet on Solana. Very fortunate. Our co-founders, our team members are a group of very smart people. We have one of kind technology advantage. In fact, we think about Richardson as a pattern. We have this cryptography advantage where we're using Solana to validate Bitcoin transactions. A lot of protocols are using their company to validate, but we're using Solana to validate. There's no regulatory challenges you've faced in any country so far? No. So anywhere in the world you could use this? Any challenges you see Solana face? Solana cannot get better by every year. Because what I'm seeing right now, in fact, I talk to a lot of people from foundations. Every day they wake up, they ask themselves, what can we do better? But I guess a lot of people from Ethereum ask, what can we get more decentralized? So that's a bit different perspective. And last week in New York's salary, there were tons of family office institutions in New York. Float to New York, in fact, from the US, expressing to me the fact that their first choice is Solana. Not because it's cheap. It is all because all the institutions are using it. Institutions are using Solana, you said? Yes. Why aren't they using Ethereum? Because it's more decentralized. Nobody can control it. That's the argument we heard, I think, at DAS. They're like, oh, the future of decentralized economy is going to be on Ethereum because it's more decentralized. Then you can argue that 99% of blockchains are centralized at this point. So we are over fantasized by the fact that decentralization is a term, it's a notion. We've been through that for the last course of four years. We want adoptions right now. I think these are the things that a lot of American institutions, they don't want that. They want performance. They want users. They want applications that actually can onboard users. So we have these mindsets aligned with foundation users, investors, founders. You create environments that we're just going for these adoptions. We're fighting for role mass or decentralization, which I don't want to name which point it goes, but whatever. Final question for me, in a growing world of DeFi, what is Bitcoin's role? In other words, if you were to describe to somebody Bitcoin's use case, besides just money or storing wealth, what is it? Liquidity. Well, if you put one Bitcoin to DEX, the amount of value that a DEX can generate out of this one Bitcoin, it's going to be extraordinary compared to one so one eth. One Bitcoin is 100K, one so is 100, 170 eth, one eth there is this and that. But Bitcoin fluctuations compared to any other coins are probably the best right now. I envision for the next year or two, a lot of tokens are going to be pairing with Bitcoin on chain on DEX because that just gives a better edge. OK, I want to know how confident he is in different coins. Let's say I give you a million dollars today. What would you you have to invest in different tokens? What how would you allocate it? I will probably go for the tokens that has a lot of noise and adoptions and tech. Obviously, Solana is probably the first choice since you obviously I'm the founder on that. But Ripple, I really love the fact how XRP approach a lot of things. This is interesting. Ripple, why? The way they communicate with the institution, the way they capture market shares in the real world are way beyond a lot of players and the web breeze. I think this is something that I've been telling a lot of people from our companies and partners as well. We're not just web breeze anymore. We are web 2.5 right now. A lot of institutions are coming in. You can't just play the same games you used to play anymore. You have to talk to people. You have to talk to business people. You have to go on business dinner. You have to work for most. You have to talk to real bankers. These are the players that can bring a lot of equity to your protocols, users and impacts. I think XRP, Ripple is a company. Obviously, they have done this for many years already. And cross border payments is a trillion dollar sectors. They have captured that. They are building their RUSD. I think stable coins as well. So, I mean, in terms of adoptions for the institutional side, I think Ripple is definitely out there. Okay. So Solana, Ripple, Zeus, these three. What else? That's it. This is not financial advice. Do your homework. But Zeus is a great protocol. Thank you very much. Thank you. Pleasure. Yeah. It's great talking to you. Thank you.