 There seems to be like a floor in the market where the market comes down, there's always a buyer. What's the floor now? So this is a phenomenon that happens. Bitcoin price is very much driven by a number of factors. On the one hand, you have global liquidity. Every country is starting to issue more debt. It's not just the US. Instead, global liquidity is growing rapidly. Bitcoin tends to lag into by about 90 days. There's this narrative that retails believe miners have the power to control Bitcoin price, especially around having... Is it true? I think... Do you think it makes sense to have a national Bitcoin miner run by the government now that we have a Bitcoin industry teacher reserve? If I were a government and I have a mandate, an executive order now, to collect Bitcoin industry teacher reserve. I think we are within two years of a time where energy companies, truly on a global scale, become partners with Bitcoin mining. You'll see a $10,000 drop in Bitcoin. We have been outperforming micro strategy. Your stock should perform like a Bitcoin treasury. It does, actually, which is a bad thing because there are three constraints in the Bitcoin mining business. We call them the three Cs. Capital, Compute, and Capacity. What do you think caused the price oppression of Mara's stock, as well as some other miners here to date, relative to Bitcoin? I think it's positive luck. What does that mean? So, statistically speaking, if you have 1% of global hashrate, you should earn 1% of the blocks. We earn a little bit more than that. How? The difficulty only changes every two weeks. If you're very efficient, you can swap what your miners are doing from one block to another block. If a block is near being solved, then you don't think you will solve it. Oh. Try to change the 21 million cap. Is it possible? Um... Fred Thiel returns to the show. He is a CEO of Marathon Digital Holdings, one of the largest Bitcoin miners in America, if not the world. I'm David Lin. Bonnie Chang. And we're here to discuss Fred's outlook for the entire Bitcoin space, including mining, and honored to host you, Fred. It's very rare we have the opportunity to talk to a very large miner like yourself, so thank you for joining the program. Great to be here. Let's just follow up on the conversation we had last time on the show. I mean, Bitcoin was at an all-time high bend. It's at a new all-time high now. The strategic reserve is now signed to executive action. What is the next catalyst for the new all-time high that's coming up next, inevitably, hopefully? I think a couple of things. For one thing, we're seeing all these Bitcoin treasury companies being created. Yeah. So where Michael Saylor before was kind of the person in town buying 900 Bitcoin a day for his own admissions. You now have the Trump family. You have Cantor Fitzgerald together with Chether, and you have many others who all are raising multi-billions of dollars who are going to be in the market competing with Michael Saylor to buy Bitcoin, which is essentially going to drive number go up, I think, for a period of time. On stablecoin legislation passing through Congress and landing on the president's desk, I think, is going to be another small leg up. Then you have market structure soon behind that, and then you have the strategic Bitcoin reserve coming as number three. The SBR right now, based on what I understand from the White House, the SBR is now... They'll be receiving reports from all the government departments, so Treasury, et cetera, on how much Bitcoin the government actually holds. More than likely, it'll be a number in the 100,000 range because you have to think of forfeiture laws. And while the FBI or IRS may have confiscated Bitcoin, it may not be theirs to actually hold. There may be a victim that they have to deliver it to. And so you must all have about 100,000 Bitcoin that they have. The question is then, what is the administration going to do to add to it? And what revenue neutral programs are they going to do to do that? And I think the US needs to move quickly because you now have other nation states wanting to do Bitcoin strategic reserves. And if they start buying Bitcoin ahead of the US, then it's kind of, well, the US, you guys were first, but you haven't done anything about it. And so I think when the US announces they're actually buying or adding to the Bitcoin reserve, that'll be another catalyst. So you have a multitude of steps. You're seeing some great inflows into ETFs right now, which is primarily retail. But you're also starting to see more and more institutional buying. There's a definite, I think you and I've talked about this before, there seems to be like a floor in the market where the market comes down. There's always a buyer at some point. What's the floor now? Right now, I think there's very strong support at 98. We're building support at 106. And we hit 110, we bounced down to 108. We hit 110 a little bit more. We bounced down to 108. So I think 106 is pretty good support. And a backstop to that is 98. So 450 new bitcoins are mined every single day. But all the people or companies or governments that are trying to buy Bitcoin sounds like they're trying to buy a lot. But Bitcoin price does not really reflect on the type of demand that we are talking about. Why? So you're seeing long-term holders, and this is a phenomenon that happens always, when you have 98% of Bitcoin in profit, then what you end up having is people start selling. The long-term holders at this stage in the market cycle typically sell a portion of their Bitcoin with a plan of buying it back when Bitcoin drops again. I don't think we're in a cycle like we've ever seen before. And so I would love for them to be proven wrong and then have to come into the market again while Bitcoin is rallying at 120, 130. So I think it's a different market today than what they're used to seeing. But when you have this much Bitcoin in profit, people feel, OK, maybe I should sell a little, take some chips off the table, and buy on the dip when it comes back down. We'll see. Is a dip going to be lower than 100k? It's hard to tell. Bitcoin price is very much driven by a number of factors. On the one hand, you have global liquidity, M2 money supply, especially the asset side of that. And if you have a lot of government spending going on, a lot of liquidity coming to the market, I mean, China Central Bank, globally, every country is starting to issue more debt. It's not just the US. And so global liquidity is growing rapidly. Bitcoin tends to lag M2 by about 90 days, typically. But you have these little foibles like Trump could decide on a new tariff policy, and then you'll see the market drop. Or he may remove tariffs altogether, and the market will go up. So you have these, I call it policy changes that can affect the price of Bitcoin. You have also portfolio adjustments, right? Where you have people who have previously been in equities, who now sell equities, go into bond portfolios. And as they re-level set their portfolios, what ends up happening is, you know, Bitcoin is an allocation of their portfolio. And if they decide they're going to rebalance to or from Bitcoin, or they're just liquidating a certain portion to go into cash because they want to go in and buy something else, then they'll liquidate across their portfolio, potentially. And so those are the things that drive these dips. The big dips, the 20% dips, those are more macro. You know, the Fed decides that we're not going to cut interest rates at all. You'll see a $10,000 drop in Bitcoin on something like that. So it's very much a the news is driving the price right now, unfortunately. But I think over time, there's just so much more demand than supply. And as the number keeps edging its way up, you know, you think about last year, we went through this period where we were kind of moving sideways for a long period of time. And then there was a dip and then, boop, bounce up. And then now we're up at a new level, right? And think about it, July of last year, we were bouncing in the $50,000 range. And then all of a sudden, it was 70. And then all of a sudden, it was 90. And then we were at 100 just after Election Day. So I think we're going to see that type of volatility continue. But what's interesting is that you look at the volatility curve, and we're really starting to see a flattening on a logarithmic scale of the volatility curve of Bitcoin. And if you look at the power law and you look at some of these other methods people use for evaluating Bitcoin price, I think what you're going to see is that the volatility in Bitcoin is starting to diminish. Don't know what that does to its attractiveness in the market anymore. But the more stable Bitcoin becomes, the more like gold starts behaving and the more like gold it will become. In what sense? Gold is historically a very stable asset. It doesn't move up and down very much until recently. When you saw nation states buying gold because they don't want to hold treasuries, they don't want to hold dollar denominated assets. And they're viewing gold as a better reserve asset. People are starting to view Bitcoin as a very good reserve asset if Bitcoin's volatility decreases. No nation state wants to have to go to a report that, well, we have $500 billion in Bitcoin, and there was a 15% drop in the price of Bitcoin. And so we just lost all this. A politician would lose their job if there was a 15% drop in their reserve assets. But if you're sitting on $500 billion of gold and it moves 0.2%, nobody's going to worry about it. And I think as Bitcoin's volatility decreases and it adopts more of a traditional commodity asset type curve. But that's a very long term view. Potentially, yeah. But we're already starting to see it. Just look at the logarithmic power curve, power law curve, and you'll see it's starting to flatten. You know, there's this narrative that retails believe miners have the power to control Bitcoin price, especially around having, because if you don't sell your Bitcoin, then the supply and demand, nobody's able to buy more. How do you comment to that? Is it true? No, if you go back to halvings, yes. Because the amount of Bitcoin per block was significant. And miners were really not in a hodl mode, and then they were selling, and then some of them would hodl. For most of 2024, all miners were in a full hodl. Now in 2025, you're seeing most miners actually selling their Bitcoin. I realize there's only 450 new Bitcoin issued today, so that's not a lot. We're still doing a full hodl. Many of our peers, though, are selling. But then you have Michael Saylor buying 900 Bitcoin a day. So, you know, miners don't really, the amount of Bitcoin miners sell from new production daily has very little impact. It's a different story if a miner like ourselves sitting on approaching 50,000 Bitcoin, if we decide to sell 20,000 Bitcoin, yeah, that would move the market, definitely. We have no intention of doing that, by the way. Would you say then your stock should perform like a Bitcoin treasury company? It does, actually. Which is a bad thing because we're a Bitcoin mining company and we're not getting value for the Bitcoin mining business. Our stock up until very recently has been trading a little over one times NAV of our Bitcoin holdings, which means that our mining business is not getting any credit. We're now starting to see a shift in that. For example, today, the stock moved fairly dramatically and we have been outperforming micro strategy on a daily basis. And I think part of that is a little bit how strategy is going about raising capital today. They're issuing preferred instruments that have dividend payments on them. You saw the Trump family convert that they issued today is fully secured. It's not an unsecured convert. And so that's secured by the family assets, the real estate assets. So I think the market is starting to price in more risk into these deals and it's getting harder. And the challenge is that if you have large dividend payments, large demands on liquidity, you can only continue if you would by selling equity in the company or finding some other way of funding those dividends. At the beginning, investors often studied the market and the market for a long time. They ignored how the platform itself works. So where do you place your order? Mitrait is a trading platform with many types of trading. For example, you can trade stocks, foreign exchange, encrypted currency, indexes, and large-scale products. You can use credit cards to transfer money without having to change to USD. You can also trade with a 200x discount on the highest level. But you still have to decide when to use this tool. It integrates the trading view chart and a tool called Mitrait GPT. It automatically organizes 24-hour news. This is very convenient for those who don't have time to follow up on the news. Mitrait is an Australian-based company with the world's four largest regulatory agencies. It is an international platform that is under supervision. The account is expected to have a $1 million insurance guarantee. It is being held by insurance companies. Recently, they also cooperated with Argentina's national football team. In 2025, they will also win the best digital customer experience award in Europe. After the new user opens the account, you can receive a $100 cash reward for 7 days of hard work. Click the link in the description box to try out Mitrait's virtual account for a free practice. What do you think caused the price suppression of Mara stock, as well as some other miners year to date relative to Bitcoin? I think that's very driven by the AI story or the lack of an AI story around certain miner stocks. If you look at miners like Cypher, for example, they had very positive swing in the beginning where there was a lot of optimism about their ability to get an AI customer. They haven't been able to find an AI customer and so then the stock started dipping down. CleanSpark and Mara have been viewed as kind of mining, quasi-mining pure plays. CleanSpark, yes. Mara, less so because we also have a technology business. We also are beginning to work with inference at the edge. Our model, unlike many of the other miners, is we don't want to be an AI hosting company. We don't want to build powered shells. We also don't want to provide GPU as a service in the AI space. We're very focused on providing inference at the edge as a fully managed service. And I think that's the area where the margins and the long term revenue streams are much more attractive. It's a lot more like Bitcoin mining in some ways, but it also is you're not dependent on a single or multiple hosting customers to really drive your revenues. And it's a lot less risk from our perspective. A year ago in one of the interviews, you said Mara is a capital allocator. What's that mean? Well, think of our name, Mara Holdings. I have a background other than being an entrepreneur in private equity, and it really comes down to how you allocate capital. And so when we look at what we're going to invest in, we're constantly weighing, should I spend $500 million in building a new mining site or should I spend $500 million buying Bitcoin? Last year, we spent a little over $2 billion buying Bitcoin. Why? Well, because the middle of last year, we felt Bitcoin price was going to move very rapidly upwards. And if you look at the investment horizon of building a Bitcoin mining site, it takes you about 12 months to build it until you produce your first Bitcoin. And then it's going to take you 18 to 24 months to pay back that capital. If you expect Bitcoin price to move more rapidly in the short term, you're better off spending the money just buying Bitcoin, accreting the value in the upswing of that, and then either leveraging that Bitcoin, borrowing against it or generating yield off it, and then using that funds for other things. And so we're constantly evaluating how we're investing at the same time as we're constantly evaluating how we're raising capital. What's our average weighted cost of capital? Do we want to sell equity? Do we want to use convertible debt? Do we want to use debt on our assets? Do we want to use project financing? Project financing hasn't really been available to Bitcoin miners because banks weren't open to it. That is now changing. And I think what we're going to see is the cost of capital for Bitcoin miners is going to come down. The other thing that we've done is we've now started being very focused on what we call near zero cost energy. So we bought a wind farm at the end of last year. At that wind farm, we have essentially zero marginal cost energy. Whenever the wind blows, that energy essentially is free because there's no input cost. There's no gas. There's no coal. There's no input fuel. We can take miners that we've already depreciated fully from a site and we depreciate our miners over three years and we can relocate those miners to the wind farm. They operate only when the wind blows. But what that means is that there is zero cap X spend on the miners. There's zero depreciation on those miners and there's zero cost for the electricity. Every time the wind blows and those miners can run, we're generating Bitcoin at near zero cost. Over time, as we retire more and more of our fleet, as we continue to upgrade it, we'll build a bigger and bigger percentage of our fleet that operates not 24 hours a day. It may operate only five, six, seven hours a day, but because the energy is free and the miners have already been paid for, we don't need a payback in the same time period. And that makes us much more capital efficient. Because think about it, a large scale miner who is grid attached, paying four and a half, five cents a kilowatt hour, they are constantly having to upgrade their mining fleet by the latest equipment that's most efficient. And then what do they do with their old miners? They can't run them at their same sites anymore. So they have to either sell them, something like us maybe, or they have to do something else with them. And so we believe that you're starting to see and a great indication of this is look at the price and the demand for S-19, which is now two generations behind current top of the state of the art miners. Huge demand in the market for them. Why would you want to buy a machine that's two generations old that has 30 joules per terahash efficiency when the current machines are at 15? Well, it has to be somebody who has near zero cost energy. So we believe that that is the strategy long term that Bitcoin miners are going to have to follow. They're going to have to have near zero cost energy and they're going to have to really stretch the life of these assets because otherwise the capex spinning wheel you're on is just too hard. It sounds like you have the infrastructure in place to become an AI data center or operate AI data center. Is that something you've considered? So we're very focused on inference at the edge, which is different. The when people talk about AI data centers today, they're talking about learning. Learning is not something you get very well paid for. Once you've built a model and you've you then deploy the model, you deploy that model in a different data center where you then do inference and you need a lot less compute to do inference because most of the compute goes into building the model. Now, hyper scalers like Amazon, Google, Metta, Microsoft, they operate large learning data centers that also do inference at the data center because they're doing their own proprietary data. Now, you would think, well, the hyper scalers own all the market. It's not true. About 60% of data center capacity is still proprietary to the companies. Why? Because they don't want to let their data out of the house. JPMorgan does not let their trading data out into the public cloud. They do that all in private cloud. They do it in on prem, near prem sites. And when you look at inference AI, which is if you look at the studies, most of the revenues from AI will come from inference. A lot of that inference is run on a factory floor. It's a system that controls the manufacturing system. It's running a model that is constantly optimizing how that factory is running and eking another little bit of efficiency out of that factory. And every night, the data from the day is uploaded into the cloud, a new model is generated, and it's downloaded to the factory. And they do inference at the site there. The military runs inference in the field. All this telemetry from drones that are coming in from radar systems goes into a data center that's sitting in a container out in the field. That's inference at the edge. And we think those are the markets where there are very good long term revenue streams where you can build very defensible notes. As opposed to competing with the equinexes of the world and those types of companies. So Mara does mining and also AI for Bitcoin company, there is BPS and for other companies, there are EPS. How do investors look at Mara then? It's a lot of things. Yeah, that's a good point. There are many people who are confused a little bit with what we do. We have those who are fans of our treasury company model. There are those who are fans of our Bitcoin mining model. And then there are fans of our technology business and what we're doing there, which is still a very nascent business. So how do you overcome that? Well, part of it is you have to communicate with the investment audience and educate them. Another thing is we potentially have to look at things like segment reporting. So separating our treasury business and the yield we generate off it, etc., from the Bitcoin mining business and how we report it. Not physically, but just how we report it so that we can talk to the different investors in different ways. You could potentially create a tracking stock for the treasury business versus the other. There are a lot of complex ways to do that, which I don't think necessarily makes sense today. But we view Bitcoin as the treasury asset we want to continue to hold. Right now, we're producing quite a lot of Bitcoin every month and adding to our stockpile without having to go in the market and buy it. But if market conditions change and there's a very attractive opportunity to buy, then we're fully prepared to go in and buy and take advantage of that. And your cash flow comes from the technology company? That is the long term goal. Today, that's not enough. And so cash flow comes from the capital that we raise through issuing equity. Do you think it makes sense to have a national Bitcoin miner run by the government now that we have a Bitcoin strategic reserve? If I were a government and I have a mandate, an executive order now to collect Bitcoin in a strategic reserve and perhaps even acquire some in the future, would it not make sense and just be cheaper to mine my own? Great question. So four years ago at Mining Disrupt, I gave a presentation that mining companies would either become partners with energy companies or would be owned by energy companies because Bitcoin miners don't produce energy and therefore they're always going to be paying somebody for that energy. I think we are within two years of a time where energy companies truly on a global scale become partners with Bitcoin miners. This is electrical energy companies because there is so much imbalance in the grids today. Look at what happened in Spain recently. There's so much renewable energy that is unprofitable. People have overbuilt renewable energy, especially in places like Europe, that there is a now growing acceptance for Bitcoin mining as a load balancing strategy for grids, similar to what you see in Texas. In Texas, it's not profitable today to build a peaker plant. It's not profitable today to build battery storage because Bitcoin miners do such a good job at balancing the grid that you can't do arbitrage on grid energy in the same way. I think what you're going to see is the revenue neutral way for the government to generate Bitcoin, for the Bitcoin Strategic Reserve could be to use government energy assets, partner with Bitcoin miners and say, I will give you the energy for free. Let's split the Bitcoin. It's not a national Bitcoin miner company. You'll just get partnering with utilities. Public private partnership, not dissimilar to how the government does government lands and oil exploration, for example. Just on that note, if you ever were to have a surplus of energy from your wind farms, would you consider selling that back to the grid? Absolutely. In a sense becoming a company yourself? If we can't mine Bitcoin with it, we'll certainly monetize it by selling it to the grid. You start out with being a miner and then you pivot into the technology. Why? I've been in the technology industry for 40 years. I have touched everything from super mini computers, PCs, semiconductors, internet, data comms, video games, digital ad tech, etc. I've invested in technology as both a VC and a private equity firm. And Bitcoin mining is an operational efficiency business. When we started mining Bitcoin back in 2017, we were an asset light miner. We bought miners, rented hosting capacity, plugged in miners in random. And we used that strategy because it was the most capital efficient way of doing business. It allowed us to grow to be the biggest in the world. And at the end of 2023, we then started buying all of our hosting partners. And we ended up buying 65 percent of our hosting partners at less than it would have cost us to build the sites. And then in the end of 2024, we started buying energy assets and we started mining Bitcoin off of fler gas and oil fields. So we've become more and more of a vertically integrated on the operations side. Back in 2021, we realized that we were too dependent. Well, let me back up for a second. There are three constraints in the Bitcoin mining business. We call them the three C's. Capital, compute and capacity. Capital is easy, right? Compute is rigs and capacity is power and a place to put the miners. In 2021, the big constraint was compute. Bitmain has a strangle lock on the market. They were offering miners at seventy five dollars per terahash. Realized today, miners that are much more powerful are selling at 17, 18 dollars a terahash. And it hasn't gotten any cheaper to make them. And so we believe that at that point, we needed to become technologically vertically integrated. And so we co-founded a company called Oradine, which is located in Silicon Valley, which today is the only U.S. manufacturer of Bitcoin mining, ASICS, and has some of the most amazing technology available. And they are now selling Bitcoin miners, but not only miners, they are also selling chips to people who want to build their own miners. And so now today, Mara is becoming a miner manufacturer. We are building our own miners. Why? Because we can build miners specific to our needs and with certain performance characteristics that Bitmain and the others can't do. Why? Because they're not willing to. We were at one point Bitmain's largest customer in the world. We bought very few miners from them recently. So we're very focused on building Oradine as a way to have a technological edge. We build our own liquid immersion technology. Why? Because we are of such scale today that we know exactly what we want and need. And why should I pay somebody else a margin for something that I can do myself? And so today we have some very leading edge two-faced liquid immersion technology. And we have other technologies in our technology business, not just firmware, registration layer, our own pool. You know, our mining pool, for example, operates with a luck factor above zero, meaning we're positive luck over long term periods. What does that mean? So statistically speaking, if you have one percent of global hash rate, you should earn one percent of the blocks. We earn a little bit more than that. How? Let's just say that there is, when you make technology very efficient, you remove latencies from what you do, it lets you react faster. And think about this way, that once a block has been solved, it may be solved in just under 10 minutes. Ideally, the Bitcoin blockchain, you know, the network is constantly adjusting itself to hit the 10 minutes, which is why you have the difficulty increase. The difficulty only changes every two weeks. If you're very efficient, you can swap what your miners are doing from one block to another block. If a block is near being solved and you don't think you will solve it. Oh, I didn't know that. It was cool. Learn something every day. I only have one more question. Actually, it's Bonnie's question to Jack Moller. You asked him about the theoretical possibility of altering the 21 million Bitcoin cap if institutions pressure. Anyway, I'll ask him a good question if you want. Oh, OK. I asked Jack Moller the other day this question about, OK, in this wild imagination, we all know that Bitcoin is decentralized. There's miners, there's nodes. Of course, there's us. But let's say a country becomes super powerful and somehow they acquire over half of the miners, find a lot of people that are running the nodes, and try to change the 21 million cap. Is it possible? It's not feasible. Is it possible? China at one point controlled over 80% of global hashrate. At the time of the ban, I think it was 71%. The US today has about 40% of global hashrate. It would have to be a government or a group of allies who could exert enough control through regulatory means on miners. In other words, either go with us or you're out of business or something similar. The challenge is the validators. There are a million plus validators out there who are all very libertarian and independent in their thinking. And it's easy to set up a validation node. It's not a whole Bitcoin mining center. It's a powerful enough PC with enough memory and hard drive, and you're up and running. But it took so long just to get Taproot approved. You already had the block size wars where 90 plus percent of the miners were in agreement and you still couldn't get it passed. So is it feasible? I think it's very difficult to have that happen. And I think the value of Bitcoin would drop so precipitously if it wasn't for the fact that it's a finite amount. If all of a sudden you said they're going to now be 210 million Bitcoin, Bitcoin price would drop by a factor of 10, possibly. Yeah. And I still cannot think of any reasons why anybody would do that. But that's just curiosity. Well, you know, sometimes you have to ask the orthogonal questions to spur thinking. So it's a good question. The philosophers of our time are all Bitcoiners. I told Bonnie the other day. Fred, certainly lots of philosophy for us to ponder. Thank you very much for your time today. You're very welcome. Thank you. Here I go. That Mike really likes you. Thank you. All right. Thank you, Mike.