 But there is a high level of risk in these kinds of investments. High level in AI related investments you're talking about? Yeah, I think whether it's GSMC or Facebook or Nvidia or you name it, who is involved in the space and spending billions in CapEx on data centers and chips and infrastructure. This space, it has a lot of potential. There's no doubt about that. It also carries a lot of risk. People are talking about this potential AI bubble. People are worried that now companies are spending too much. Earlier it was, oh, it's great that tech companies are spending. That means they must be making a lot of money and it's good that they're investing. Now, the sentiment has shifted a little bit. They're like, whoa, they're spending too much now. I've had a 25 plus year history of work experience in the financial markets. I actually went through the first dot com boom and bust. I saw how much companies were spending on CapEx back in the late 90s into early 2000s, which led to the first dot com boom and bust. So markets always go through cycles. There's always a bit of a risk of overspending, overhype. I'm super happy to be joined by Chetan from Franklin Templeton. He is the senior VP and we are really excited to talk to you because you guys have been around for over seven decades. That's correct. 77 to be precise. And just for me to understand your world a little better. What type of decisions do you make every single day? I love that question. I like to think of myself as I allocate my time most efficiently. So every decision is on where can I add the most value to business development and partnerships with the firm in the area of digital assets for Asia pack? What does that mean? So partnerships as in you reach out or they reach out to you and you negotiate deals. Well, how visualize that? So basically what do I do, which is a question I get asked at the dinner table by my kids as well. So in this world, rather than throwing a lot of buzzwords out there on tokenization and digital assets, my main role is to focus on how do I get more scale and more adoption of the products that we've built. And to do that, I have to do a lot of outreach with whether it is DeFi institutions like web three platforms, virtual asset trading platforms, neo banks or traditional institutions like banks, brokers. That's what I'm trying to spread the word on what we have, what tokenization means. And actually a lot of it is on education and awareness. To be quite honest. Let's say you meet my mom. She does not understand what tokenization means and what are you tokenizing? How would you explain that? My mother-in-law started buying stable coins and I had to explain to her, you know, you don't actually get a yield just by buying a stable coin. There's way too many of them. Just by buying a stable coin, there's ways to get it. But what we do is as a 77 year old institution, most people know our name and our brand for standing for longstanding investments and a measure of trust in how to get to goals, personal goals, whether those are simple investment returns or more complex financial goals, we provide you the instruments, the mutual funds or other products to get there. Now tokenization can be looked at or rather blockchain can be looked at in two ways. One is the infrastructure layer. So if your mother was asking me, so what does that mean? I would say, look, the old ways of investing have been you go to a bank, you fill out a paper form, maybe you do it digitally. She probably is savvy and you have to do it through her mobile, but she's transacting on old rails. The new rails are more decentralized. They're fast, efficient, they're on chain. And what tokenization means is it gives you some benefits that you wouldn't normally see through the traditional ways of doing things. So think of tokenization as one, an infrastructure layer and two, there's obviously digital assets and where you can invest in crypto. That's the investment layer. People are talking about this potential AI bubble. People are worried that now companies are spending too much earlier. It was, Oh, it's great that tech companies are spending. That means, you know, they must be making a lot of money and it's good that they're investing now. You know, the sentiment kind of shifted a little bit. They're like, Whoa, they're spending too much now. Yeah. How do I look at, like, how do I interpret this? So I think your question is addressing, uh, specifically around capex spending around the AI aspect, right? Which is a bit different than the area I focus on, but I think I can address the question in sort of more general terms. Uh, look, I've had a 25 plus year history, uh, of work experience in the financial markets. I actually went through the first.com boom and bust. I saw how much companies were spending on capex back in the late nineties into early two thousands, which led to the first, you know, dotcom boom and bust. So markets always go through cycles. There's always a bit of a risk of overspending over hype. Um, and you know, what actually materializes a few years later, you know, investors will have to just be patient and see, but there is a high level of risk in these kinds of investments. So, um, interesting high level and AI related investments you're talking about. Yeah. I think whether it's GSMC or Facebook or Nvidia, or you name it, who is, who's involved in the space and spending billions in capex on, on data centers and chips and infrastructure. Um, this space is, um, it has a lot of potential. There's no doubt about that. It also carries a lot of risk. Again, I'm not on the investment side and nor do I proclaim to have any insight as to which stocks or things to buy in this space, but from his experience, you have to sort of take the, uh, the volatility in stride because that's kind of that game you're really playing. It's a high risk, high volatile, high, potentially high outcome game for investors. Well, in your opinion, what would be a safer bet or what is the big trend that you are looking at? You know, web 1.0, which was started during the early.com boom. So it was very static web pages. It was one to one interaction being fed web 2.0 became a lot more dynamic. It was about e-commerce. It was about videos. It was about, you know, YouTube, Netflix, um, sharing, et cetera. Web three was taking that same layer and decentralizing it such that the chains of the protocols that all these services operate on people could own a piece of the economic value that those chains create. So there again, I'm going to go back to the two pillars I spoke about. One is investment layer where you can invest in these protocols. You can be a owner of the economics of those chains. And two is the infrastructure benefits that tokenization can bring to industries like us, like the asset and wealth management industry, where we're creating products, financial products for investors to use that are more efficient, faster, a better experience, and overall carry better benefits and evolution of how they've traditionally been taking on financial products. Do you think in a couple of years, people will just see blockchain as, you know, type kind of ledger asset ledgers instead of something that's, you know, me, memeified and exciting. It's more like an infra now. That's exactly what it is. Part of it is exactly infrastructure. It is a decentralized ledger. That's the beauty of it. And these protocols or chains allow you to share in the economics of that infrastructure. Now, specifically with asset and wealth management, the benefit is again, cheaper, better, faster. We can can we fill it as, you know, investors like to you, you can see the back end or you can, you know, the data, right? Yeah. But do users actually feel the speed or do they really feel that it's cheaper? Feel that it's cheaper. How shall she get? Jolly so that she could get card. So she took a 20% of Shenzhen. We could buy Apple Pay Google Pay, just a fake. Jamie's time. You don't have to pay. You don't have to pay.下面資訊安聯結加入被給之後呢下載被給的 app到手機上面登入之後找到被給信用卡給他按進去申請超快馬上就可以得到在全球180個國家消費加密貨幣的超強能力 because you have a lot of crypto natives understand this in and out. They know how blockchain works. That's why they're investing in the native tokens. But a lot of the wider world doesn't understand how it works. So there's a bit of education awareness. Question though is do they really need to understand? Like, you don't really need to understand how a mutual fund works, right? You just care about as an investor. Generally you want the return, you want to understand the risk and you want to get in and out liquidity, performance, and, uh, active management, potentially even passive management if you just want exposure to the markets. So the key thing for investors to think about in this space is, um, it is cheaper. It can be much cheaper because the infrastructure that we've built around, uh, mutual funds, lower some of the costs associated with how mutual funds work. And again, you don't need to get into nitty gritty of, you know, transfer agent or shareholder services. I've never asked any, had any investor come up and ask, Hey, what are your shareholder servicing fees? I don't think they even know that. But that's not the point. They don't need to know that necessarily. Uh, we can make it cheaper. We can make it faster. We can make the experience. So one of the things I want to talk about today is where this is all going. We're not there yet. The potential for everyone to hold a digital wallet, um, and hold different assets and do portfolio construction and monitoring in a very centralized way. That's an evolution of the experience that's really never been had before in the web 2.0 world. So we do see the experiential lever, uh, benefits of blockchain, uh, as being a potential benefit that investors will understand as to how they move money, how they manage their assets and liabilities and how they can do it seamlessly through a centralized wallet. Would you say that tokenization, the term is only been discussed, uh, within the industry, retail investors, or people that are actually buying these products, they don't ask about it or because like you said, they don't have to understand it. Right. I think a lot of the, and you've got to keep in mind, this is still an evolving industry and it's a very nascent industry. Um, you know, while crypto has been around for a decade, uh, tokenization projects and launches have been a little bit more recent in the last few years. So what was earlier on an experimentation and development of proof of concepts are now turning into larger scale projects. Now you got to get retail involved because a lot of bulk of the assets do sit with the retail. Actually, there's another benefit for retail. For example, um, if you could only invest in a money mutual fund for 5,000 or a thousand us dollars today, we can get it to you as low as $20. So it expands the whole possibilities of financial exchange. So it expands the whole possibilities of financial exclusion, inclusion, rather, um, more greater participation in the markets, um, and in markets around the world. So I do think investors may not necessarily understand all the technology behind it, but they can certainly benefit from it. What type of blockchains are suitable in this tokenization world? Is it, you know, how fast they are? Is it, what, what are you looking at? There are many different factors in sort of evaluating chains and their relative value to each other. Um, speed governance, security, authentication, auditability. Um, and we, as a firm are, uh, I guess we've been pioneers in this space. We, and credit to some of our partners here, many of whom are here today. Uh, we work across 10 different chains today. Uh, we did start with Stellar and that is, uh, mostly our default chain, uh, products are on Stellar. Would you explain why Stellar? Well, Stellar is a pretty simple, cost-effective and secure transmission chain. We can do transactions at a relative fast pace, um, for low entry, minimum tickets, uh, as well as low transaction costs, which rise to talk about earlier, the benefits of tokenization. Well, one of the benefits could be cost and cost as in the shareholder servicing fees that are held by the transfer agent or run by the transfer agent. So when you lower those costs, the end investor benefits, they could benefit anywhere between five to 15 basis points. I'm just giving an indicative illustrative example here. Um, but those are some of the benefits, like a chain like Stellar could bring to the table. Are you looking at how decentralized a chain is? Does that matter to you? We are generally focused on, uh, public chains. Um, so by, by virtue of, when you say decentralization chains are, as long as they've got a public participation by different validators and miners, they are by default decentralized, unless they're on a private network, which is controlled by only a few set of parties. And we generally don't work on private chains or exceptions to that. Um, but our philosophical view on the sprints since you start has been the beauty of blockchain is it enables decentralization, the economic participation, the value of those chains. And, um, yeah. So for those reasons where we're very much in favor of public. Since we're on that topic, why don't companies just come up with their own chain so they have, you know, total control? Yeah. So keep in mind these chains require, um, you know, you've got to set governance standards, uh, you've got to do the programming you've got, you know, I'm not a, uh, I'm not a computer science guy. I'm not that guy diving on these chains. So keep in mind that there's a level of technical astuteness in how to develop a chain that matters. And, um, it's not so easy to create a new chain. I mean, think about the potential for hacking, for example, if you don't design it just right, you lose entire trust to that entire chain. Um, and we rather focus on our core competence as an asset manager. What we're here for is not to be another chain. We're, we're, we rather work on the rails that exist, um, but make sure that the rails give the benefit to the end client and the end investor here. How can you tell a good investor from a great investor? I think it's about diversification. Okay. And, um, there are many models you could, I don't think I have a great answer to that question because ultimately the question presupposes that someone can be measured at the end of a certain time, amount of time relative to other investors in the capacity of allocation. Yeah. That's certainly doable. You know, you can look at Morningstar ratings. You can look at Morningstar metrics. You can pick the top quartile funds based on the balanced funds that have diversified asset allocation and say, this fund did great over 20 years. It must be the best capital allocator out there. You know, AI it's so different from how we used to grow up. Right. What are some, you know, advice you could give really young kids or young people nowadays, what type of, you know, core ability or core skills should they develop in this, you know, very ever changing world? Right. Yeah. That's, that's a great question as I am, I'm preparing for my daughter's entry into ninth grade and she's doing her course selections and I keep thinking about, well, well, you gotta do math and physics and chemistry and biology because you know, these are the, and obviously computer science, but I take a step back. I mean, joking aside, um, I think you do need to have some technical astuteness. Okay. Do you need to be quantitatively and technically, you know, you don't have to be great at every single subject out there, but pick one or two science or math related subjects, whether that's, you know, math or computer science or physics, whatever, and then combine that with a bit of human EQ and IQ and understanding how to deal with people. I think one of the biggest risks I see for this generation is the lack of, um, I have to say, every time I see a kid on a phone, it makes me, um, you know, I believe like what Australia and Spain and Mexico and other countries are doing is great because you gotta get them off the phone. You gotta get them more attuned with how to interact with each other. Um, and I believe that still that human interaction combined with technology students is going to be the differentiator for, for, for individuals to succeed in life off camera. I was talking to, um, a gentleman he's interviewing a lot of young people that wants to join his company and they don't really have the people skills anymore. Hmm. And I think that kind of echoes to what you're saying. Right. Absolutely. And just how to relate to people, how to understand what their concerns are. I have an EQ like, you know, I sent some things back to you, but I sent some things bothering you. How could I maybe address what, what we could do together to help you, for example. And that's just a basic example. That sounds like something so easy, but yeah, you're right. Right. Right. And it's hard to teach a kid who's going to be on the phone every time, you know, who maybe tries it, turns away from how the world really works. So maybe in the world of AI, the real core skills people should really focus on is the things that AI cannot do like love or understanding or, you know, empathy. Yes. Yeah. I think that was a great, um, video from Jensen Huang as well. It was asked a similar sort of similar questions. Yeah. I'm sort of borrowing and paraphrasing it. I'll attribute it to him really. But he said, you know, it's not just about technical smarts. It's about, um, knowing, having some degree of technical astuteness, but also complimenting that with human empathy, human interaction, and knowing how to deal with people and problems and resilience really. Well, after talking to you, I definitely have gained a lot of new insights into this industry and also we'll see in 20 years, right? If I'm right, I don't know. I think you're right. I think you're right. Cause right now a lot of, you know, young people are asking AI how to answer questions that are being asked by AI. For example, if we're talking to each other online and I'm not really sure what you mean, I ask my AI to reply to you and you probably do the same. Right. So I totally feel you. I haven't used it yet, but I've seen some of that being used, but yes. Yeah. Well, thank you so much for spending this time and it's so great talking to you. Oh, thank you, Bonnie. It's a pleasure to be on the channel. Thank you. Hey, you know what? You can use our information to get more information about Line. At the ziyuan, because there are experts who answer the questions related to the closed circle one-on-one. And there's also a seven-day course for newbies to teach you all the basics of closed circles. The official line. At the end of the day, seven newbies to accompany the course, fill out the application form for the course, and sign up for it. In addition, we also cooperate with the anti-fraud question of hitting fraud. If you or someone around you may have encountered fraud, there will be experts to help you judge and help you notify the police. Of course, there are a lot of benefits in the group that can be obtained. The detailed information is in the information column. Use it well. We will continue to work hard in the closed circle. See you next time. Bye bye.