 I was trying to figure out what is my meaning on this earth. I think in my lowest moment, I looked around and I found the Bitcoin community. I think it saved my company and it gave me a mission. It made me excited to get out of bed every day. It gave me a reason to get up in the morning. And I felt like instead of retiring and just disappearing from history forever, Bitcoin kind of gave me a reason to be and it really motivated me. You're talking to a maximalist here. I'm beyond the investor. It's not my skin is in the game. I'm beyond that. My soul is in the game. It's the only game in the casino we can all win. A lot of people love you on the Internet. What would you say to them? What I would say is... Very pleased to be joined today at the DAS in New York by Michael Seyler, Executive Chairman of Strategy. I'm David Lin. Bonnie Che. We actually met at your party not too long ago. So we're collaborating because we met through you. The 100K party brings a lot of people together. All good things come out of your party and good things come out of Bitcoin. We'll be talking about Bitcoin in your macro views today. Take it away, Bonnie. You went to the crypto summit and you made an orange tie joke. Where are my orange tie? Any other takeaways? Well, the fact that we were at the White House was the first takeaway because a year previous, the White House and the entire administration was somewhere between at war with the industry and unsupportive. So the fact that the president of the United States would host everybody in the entire industry at the White House was an extraordinary milestone. It hasn't happened. When's the last time a new industry was fated by the White House in the last 50 years? The second is the president signed the Strategic Bitcoin Reserve the day before, and that was also unexpected. The third thing that was unexpected is the evening after that summit, the secretary of the treasury arranged for the OCC to give guidance reversing the anti-Bitcoin, anti-crypto guidelines that had been hampering the banking industry. We'd been hoping for that, but the fact that it came so quickly was very auspicious. And then that night, David Sacks, the crypto czar, went onto a podcast and volunteered that the United States government views Bitcoin as immaculately conceived, the only truly decentralized crypto network, the only commodity asset without an issuer. They saw it as a sound store of value. They view it as digital gold. They don't intend to sell any, and they're going to look for ways to acquire more. And I thought that was relevant because for four years, the previous administration had no utterances on this except through the legal filings of Gary Gensler. And Gensler, in a very subtle backhanded way, suggested that he would grudgingly allow Bitcoin to exist and nothing else. And so he kind of said, well, it's a commodity, but he had lots of reservations and he slowed down the institutional adoption of Bitcoin as much as one could reasonably slow it down. Whereas what you saw on Friday night at that crypto summit was the administration embracing the industry and suggesting that they were going to aggressively put pro-crypto, pro-Bitcoin regs in place. Embracing this thing is not only is it a digital commodity, but it's maybe a better digital commodity than gold. The White House didn't declare that they're going to accelerate their gold acquisitions one way or the other. So I thought it was a major inflection point for the industry in terms of the legitimization about the industry. But Bitcoin was legitimized on that day or in that 24-hour period, from the point that the president signed the Strategic Bitcoin Reserve to the point that David Sacks said, this is the digital commodity recognized by the United States government. That was a pretty important day in the life of the entire industry. I think last year you were talking about banks being allowed to hold Bitcoin. That would be a huge step forward. Now, after the OCC announcement, what do you think is going to happen this year? Well, I did have a chance to speak with the Secretary of Treasury at the White House and he shared with all of us that he wanted to make sure that the banking system was able to embrace digital assets and handle digital assets. They have a program of progressively, thoughtfully rolling back anti-Bitcoin rules. Of course, that requires guidance from many different federal agencies, the OCC, the FDIC, the Treasury. Also, the Federal Reserve has some influence on this. They were pretty definitive that they were going to find every anti-crypto rule, all the anti-Bitcoin guidance and rules, and they were going to reverse them explicitly as soon as they could, in a programmatic fashion, almost like week by week stepping through that. So I thought that was profound. The other insight, Bonnie, that comes from that summit is that the Secretary of Treasury shows up and was so very engaged. And you also saw the Secretary of Commerce very engaged. And you also saw Kelly Loeffner, the Secretary of Small Business Administration, very engaged. So you had three cabinet members extremely engaged, in addition to David Sacks, the cryptos are. And maybe the most powerful financial regulator in the world, certainly in the US government, maybe in the world, is the Secretary of Treasury of the United States, so Scott Bessent. And Scott Bessent had been viewed to be progressive and innovative when he was nominated for the role, but he hadn't said very much on the topic of digital assets leading up to that summit. And so Bessent showed himself to be very well-versed, very progressive, very thoughtful, and deliberate, and supportive. And I think that that exceeds everybody's expectations. We knew David Sacks would be supportive, and we knew the President was supportive, but you could imagine an administration where you have one or two members of the cabinet that are supportive, but other members of the cabinet that are simply moderate, and they want to move forward in a deliberate, thoughtful, careful fashion, and they would slow things down. But what I saw at the White House was I saw that everybody is supportive, everybody is deliberate. This administration is moving faster with innovative programs and decisive, courageous, pro-business, pro-technology, pro-innovation programs. It's moving faster than any administration in my lifetime. You have to go all the way back to Thatcher and Reagan in the 80s to see such pro-innovation, pro-business, pro-freedom type actors. But even they, I don't think, moved nearly as quickly and decisively, and they didn't have so many intricate topics. So I really think this is like a once in 50 years, could be once in a 100 year type event. And Besson's actions and his words, both before and if you look at the interviews that he's given after this summit, they're very clear. He went on the Laura Trump show last Saturday night. It was a show that I was on, he was on, David Sacks was on. But he stood there on camera in front of the White House and he said, we're going to make the United States the digital asset leader in the world. Digital assets are here to stay. And that's the Secretary of the Treasury. And if you think about every utterance from previous Secretaries of the Treasury on this topic, that's 100 times more powerful than anyone in a like position has ever contemplated or uttered in the history of this industry. We'll come back to policies on digital assets in just a bit. But just speaking of Besson in the current administration, Trump just earlier today made a comment that he said the Fed should cut rates to ease the economy's transition to tariffs. The president is pushing for rates to be lower. On the one hand, tariffs do not go well with equities and risk assets. On the other hand, if the Fed listens to the president either directly or indirectly, we could get more liquidity. How do these competing forces impact Bitcoin? Bitcoin is every macro trader's favorite asset because they can trade it 24-7, 365. They can trade it anywhere in the world. They can trade it with any amount of leverage. And they can cross-collateralize it with any other asset. And they can talk about it with legal impunity because it's a commodity. It's not a security. And so that makes it the most attractive of all assets to trade on a trend. If you think there's a missile attack coming, you want to sell it. If you think the missile attack was overblown and there's not going to be a war, you want to buy it. I think when people are panicking, they tend to want to do a leverage short on Bitcoin. When interest rates and when the perception is we're going to a risk on environment or a looser money environment, they'll turn the other way. So I do think that interest rates coming in or the expectation of interest rates coming in is very bullish for the asset. There'll be certain points where you'll probably see it rip up because of that. I think that this is a pro-business deregulation, low regulation, pro-business, low tax, pro-innovation administration in general and everything they're doing. All of those things will be good for Bitcoin over time. I think deregulation is very good and I think low interest rates are very good. Just a quick follow up to that. There was a counter argument I've heard from other crypto investors that a pro-business administration is actually bearish for Bitcoin short term because the central bank does not need to ease as much. Perhaps the recession could be stalled by pro-business policies and liquidity flows would not have a positive impact on Bitcoin because of that. How do you respond to that? I think there's a lot of double reverse logic that takes place in the macro trading environment. Like for example, if you knew there was lots of inflation over the long term, the number one thing to hold is Bitcoin. But when people print a big inflation number, Bitcoin will trade down in the short term. But the double reverse logic is inflation is high, therefore the interest rates are going up, therefore money is getting slurped out, therefore I should find something to sell, so I'll sell Bitcoin. And that's why I would say there are basically two ways to think about Bitcoin. Actually, there's three views. There's the trader, there's the investor, and there's the maximalist. The trader says it's an asset, I can get a handle on it, I can 50x lever it long and short. They're obsessing over whether or not good news is coming because good news is bad news, and bad news is good news. And then they want to make sure that they're the first one to get the bad news so they can treat it as good news so they can get out of the trade before the bad news manifest, or something like that. And if you're one of those traders, you know who you are and more power to you, I'm not that guy. Then the investor view is, this is the dominant digital monetary network in the world. It's going to go up by a factor of 10 to 100, and I'm just going to hold it like Apple, like Facebook, like Google, like Microsoft. I'm going to hold it like my big tech monopoly for the next decade, and it's going to jerk around a bit, and I'm going to buy it on dips. The maximalist view is, this is property rights for 8 billion people. This is the greatest opportunity of the 21st century. This is economic empowerment for every business, every country. Every family, every individual. I'm going to support it at all times, every way I can, forever. And so you're talking to a maximalist here. I'm beyond the investor. It's not my skin is in the game. I'm beyond that. My soul is in the game. But I think that Thomas Lee, he's done some good work, and he says that Bitcoin generates all of its gains in like 10 days a year. Fund strat Thomas Lee. That just means that somewhere like 98, 97% of the time, nothing is happening and you're waiting for something to happen. I would say every macro theory about if the bad thing happens, that's good, and if the good thing happens, that's bad, and if enough bad things happen, that's really good, because then a bad thing will happen, which will be good for us in the midterm. I get it. It's all true. But I just don't choose to play the game. My view of this is that's a game for professionals. Howard Marks, he says, the problem with all these day traders is the stock goes from 10 to 11, and the guy bought it at 10 and sold at 11. And then it goes from 22 to 23, and he bought it at 22 and sold at 23. And then it goes from 33 to 32, and he shorted it at 33. And he brags that he made $3. But the problem with the whole thing is if he just bought it at 10, he would have made like 10x that much money with no stress, no anxiety, and no risk. And so I tend to think, look, Bitcoin's going to grind up 30% to 60% a year for the next 20 years, and my long-term risk cost to capital is like 29% for 20 years. That being the case, rather than try to time the market, it seems to me like a better idea would be go mortgage your house for 30 years at 3% interest or 6% interest, and then make an investment for 30 years where you have 6% cost to capital and get 30% return on the capital, and you're getting 24% boost. So I think it's much better to figure out how you raise capital and lever the trade, or how you build a business that actually cashes in on that volatility instead of being the day trader trying to guess the volatility, because it just seems like it's a fool's errand for the average person. I understand. In one of your interviews, you said when you learn about Bitcoin, you couldn't sleep because you were just afraid somebody else would learn it and they would buy it. You couldn't buy it anymore. But now you are the main force, I would argue, that the reason why everybody's buying Bitcoin, because you are preaching for Bitcoin and everybody believes that you're the main force, and everybody believes you. Does that not make it harder for you to accumulate more Bitcoin? Well, I think the equity and the beauty of the network is it gets exponentially harder to acquire Bitcoin over time, and that's what makes the network secure and stable, and that's a good thing for all of us. Bitcoin has matured over four years, and that's a good thing. We used to have extremely highly levered, poorly capitalized companies driving the market, like the offshore exchange like FTX and Three Arrows and Terra Luna and the like. And the market has matured such that now you have large pools of more permanent capital, like Black Rock's capital, IBIT or Fidelity or Wall Street, and that will create less volatility, lower drawdowns, but it will drive the price up. On the other hand, it's kind of like saying, you know, your family came to Manhattan in 1700 and you bought up a bunch of land, and then you went back to Europe and you told everybody that Manhattan's going to be the greatest seaport in North America. And here we are in 1800, Michael, and your family owns like 47 blocks of Manhattan, but the prices of Manhattan real estate have gone up by a factor of 20. Isn't it getting it harder for you to do business in Manhattan? And the answer is, well, the price is going up, but there's a lot of other people that are in Manhattan that do things that we can't do, and I'd much rather have other businesses and other pools of capital. On the day that Apple and Microsoft and Google enter the Bitcoin ecosystem, the price will go up, but the risk will go down. And one of the interesting things about volatility is like, if you look at the risk in the space, if you have something which is 10x over collateralized by Bitcoin and the volatility is 60, well, there's a risk, and one way to drive down the risk is to increase the collateral, but the other way to drive down the risk is decrease the volatility. So it turns out you're better off being like three times over collateralized with an asset with a 30-vol, than 10 times over collateralized with an asset that's a 70-vol. And so I think that's what's happening now. The industry is growing up, it's becoming more secure, it will be accepted by banks. I'll leave it at this thought, which is when your bank tells you they'll buy Bitcoin for you and they'll make it really easy, and you can do it on the phone, it'll cost you a million dollars Bitcoin. And when your bank calls you on the phone and says, you know, you really ought to buy Bitcoin, it's a digital monetary alternative, and when they recommend it, it'll cost you 10 million dollars of Bitcoin. And right now, no bank's going to recommend it, and they're not going to help you buy it, and you're going to have to jump through hoops, and you're going to feel really nervous about it, but you'll get to buy it around 100,000 or a little bit less than 100,000 of Bitcoin. And I think they're all three the same risk-reward proposition. And I bought it at 10,000. I'm buying it in billions of dollars of quantity at 100,000. I'll be buying it at a million. I'll be buying it at 10 million. And if you're back here interviewing me when it's 10 million of coin, and you're going to say, Michael, it all worked out, but Bitcoin's a thousand times more expensive, and don't you feel bad that you convinced all these people to buy Bitcoin at 10 million a coin? I'm going to say, well, Bonnie, you know, the entire ecosystem is much less risky now, and it's still the best investment option. I think it's still better than buying the S&P index. It's still better than buying a warehouse in Siberia. I'm going to keep buying it. It's just like buying Manhattan real estate in the year 2025 when your family started buying Manhattan real estate in the year 1700. Can you comment on BMax? Yeah, so BMax is an ETF that launched about a week ago. And there's a whole set. One of the great use cases of Bitcoin is to put it in the middle of the capital structure of a publicly traded company. And if you have a publicly traded company, it causes your equity to be very volatile. So like my company's the most volatile equity out of the S&P 500 universe, sometimes a volatility of 90 to 100. Well, when the volatility of a public company gets above 45, you can sell convertible bonds because convertible arbitrageurs actually are able to sell that volatility or extract it, and that pays the cost of the interest. So convertible bonds make sense for companies that have volatility. But if your use of proceeds of that convertible bond is to build a building or to invest in a long duration project, it might take three to five years before you know that the money, that the investment was profitable. So most companies that issue convertible bonds only do one and done. They issue a bond and then it's five years before they issue another one. And that's because their investment cycle is so slow and it's very heterogeneous. And the source of their volatility is normally uncertainty about whether the company will be successful. Most well-run companies, they aspire to get rid of volatility. For example, if you're a CFO, you would brag, we have no volatility on the balance sheet, we can never lose any money. And then if you have a P&L, you want to sign your customers to three to 10-year contracts with escalators every year. Look at Microsoft, no volatility on the balance sheet, three year enterprise agreements that roll over. And the CFO is renegotiating one twelfth of those agreements every quarter. And so you never have more than 8% of your revenue ever in play and you can forecast out. So that's best practice of a conventional company. If a company capitalizes on Bitcoin, you could sell a billion dollar convertible bond, you could put the money to work in one week, you could announce that it was profitable the next week. So the investment cycle isn't three years, the investment cycle might be three days. Then you could go back to the market, you could issue another convertible bond, you would make the same exact investment. The benchmark of profitability is whether you create Bitcoin per share. You could say, well, what if the market doesn't really care about Bitcoin per share? Well, the equity investors in a Bitcoin company care about Bitcoin per share, they've self-selected. So when you're on the Bitcoin standard as a public company, you can issue convertible bonds because you're going to have the volatility, you're going to have a very fast investment cycle. It's homogeneous and you can actually create a set of metrics to describe whether it was accretive or dilutive. So my company pioneered that. We actually became the biggest convertible bond issuer in 2024. We're the biggest convertible bond issuer this year. We're so big that we're actually getting to the point where we're outgrowing the convertible bond market. And so the shorts and the cynics say, well, you can't keep doing that because you've outgrown the market. Well, and BMax is the answer to the question, how do you grow the convertible bond market? The reason that the convertible bond market is a stable set of capital is because most of the people in it are convertible arbitrageurs and you have to be a specialist. And so those bonds are sold 144A over the counter to specialists who engage in convertible arbitrage. But in fact, those bonds would be very useful to someone that wanted to be a Bitcoin investor because those bonds historically up until now have outperformed Bitcoin. So if you wanted to actually buy a bond that performed like Bitcoin, maybe you want Bitcoin upside, but you want limited downside or a different downside exposure, you would buy a Bitcoin convertible bond, but you can't because the bonds are only traded to qualified institutional buyers. So BMax is an ETF that is actually plugging an over the counter institutional market into the general public market. So you could boil it down as to say, well, now there's a way for a retail investor to buy convertible bond exposure and Bitcoin back converts. But you could also say it makes it much, much easier for even an institutional investor because they don't have to trade over the counter. Over the counter markets are dark, they're wide bid-ass spreads, they're very inefficient, they're very illiquid. And so BMax is creating liquidity, availability, transparency, and a certain degree of continuity. And I think that as instruments like that come out, I would say the most valuable ETFs, by the way, there are ones that let a retail investor or a diversified investor very quickly put 2% of their portfolio into something like, I want 2% in gold in like one minute. I want to own 2% of the real estate in New York City. You need a REIT to do that. I want 2% of Bitcoin, right? Or I want 2% of Bitcoin back bonds. If you have an instrument like that, it's differentiated. It really is doing more than stock picking. I'm not just buying three stocks in the ETF that you could have bought. I'm literally crossing the 144A barrier and I'm buying an institutional over the counter market to make available to you on Robinhood. And so I'm excited about things like that. I think it's going to grow the convertible bond market. It's going to bring new types of investors to the market. I would say my company has expanded the market because we have found, in my opinion, one of the great use of proceeds for convertible bonds. What are we doing? We're building a digital building in one week. How many are we going to build? We're just going to keep building them, right? What if you could do 100 bond issues and build 100 digital buildings and just keep coming back over and over again? That's good for the investor. It's good for the market. It's good for the issuer, right? And BMax is just part of bringing that idea to the general public. Are you able to talk about the reasoning behind adding Mara and Riot? Because strategy has a cash flow, has a software business. But for Mara and Riot to have cash flow, I assume they will have to sell Bitcoin. Yeah, well, I'm not the issuer. And so that would be a good interview for you to have with Greg King, right? Who does issue BMax. And I would be speculating. But in general, I think it's probably, from a regulatory point of view, a little bit easier to issue an ETF that's a diversified portfolio or distributed portfolio of bonds from multiple issuers instead of all bonds from a single issuer. And I think that would give comfort to a lot of mainstream investors that it's not a single issuer strategy, but rather it's an industry strategy. I think right now you'll see many companies on the Bitcoin standard issue convertible bonds. They are. And then I think you'll see many companies on the Bitcoin standard buy Bitcoin for their treasury. So BMax is an example of a company offering access to that trend. But OwnB, O-W-N-B, is another interesting ETF that was put out by Bitwise, which is basically owning companies on the Bitcoin standard. And those operators, they will balance their portfolio for all sorts of reasons over time. Well, one of your rules of Bitcoin, you have 21 rules of Bitcoin, Michael, is, well, they're all really interesting, but one that stuck out to me is Bitcoin is powered by chaos. You made a reference to a Swiss bank during World War II, for example. What is this current chaotic environment? What is the chaos currently that will drive Bitcoin to new highs? Well, there's like 100X more capital invested in the securities, the equities, and the fixed income securities of corporations. And so if we look at the chaos over the past few months, if you're invested in a Mexican company that ships products to the U.S. when the tariffs change, that's an anxiety-inducing event. If you're invested in a company that sells products into Canada and Canada changes their tariffs, that's an anxiety-inducing event. This morning on CNBC, the story with the breaking news was the EU is considering placing material fines on, I think it was Apple and Google, targeting U.S.-based big tech companies. And, you know, Apple's responses, regulations from the EU will prevent us from serving our customers. And the commentator speculates that the fine could be 10% of revenues. And if you're an equity investor, that's got to give you anxiety. So I think the real key here is wars create anxiety. Wars are bad for business. Fires in L.A. are bad for property. Hurricanes are bad for business. Tariffs, by the way, the end of wars are bad for business. There's a whole set of investors that are having anxiety because if the war ends, their stock crashes. The war on COVID created a lot of equity crashes and crashes of all sorts of assets, explosions of other assets. But when the war on COVID ended, it was really bad for the pharmaceutical stocks. And so the creation of wars, the cessation of wars, the possibility of tariffs, the possibility of no tariffs, all of these things create anxiety. They devalue assets. And, you know, chaos is just a manifestation of entropy. And the whole, you know, when I was at MIT, you know, we had this tongue-in-cheek joke about thermodynamics. We said, here are the three laws of thermodynamics. You can't win. You can't break even. And you can't get out of the game. That's the three laws of thermodynamics. And that describes entropy. It's like bad stuff's happening. Your warehouse is rusting. You know, the highways got blockage. You know, the train, the plane crashed, a storm hit. I have the perfect business. And then there's a hurricane, and I have to cancel the conference. Okay. So when will that end? That will never end. But what if I could actually get out of the game? Right. What if I actually could create a business where, here's a business where there are no fires, there are no wars, there are no tariffs, there are no, there's no product obsolescence, there are no competitors, right? There's no property tax. There's no rent control. There's no expropriation. What if I could, what if I had a business that was not facing all those risks? And that's what pure digital capital is. That's what Bitcoin is. But now what if I posit this? What if I said all the money in the world is facing all that risk? And here's an escape from all that risk. And the only reason they haven't bought it is they didn't know about it, or they didn't have a channel to swap the risky thing for the riskless thing. So Bitcoin is powered by chaos, because chaos will never go away. It's always going to devalue all of the traditional physical and financial capital assets. And it's going to be the driver that causes all the smart money in the world to run, to sell their physical and financial assets, and to buy a digital asset. And so really, as the world gets educated, and as regulators create on-ramps, when your bank handles Bitcoin, when a big tech company can wire a billion dollars to the bank every week and buy Bitcoin, they'll just be wiring a billion dollars and swapping it out, because it's easy and it's rational. So that's really what you're looking at. And that's why I think it's just a very elegant and beautiful asset. Well, the name strategy is also beautiful. Can I know the rationale behind the name change? From micro strategy to strategy? You know, if you look at lots of companies, and lots of great companies, as you grow, less is more. Sting used to be known as Gordon Sumner. And Apple used to be Apple Computer. And Amazon was Amazon Books. Shakespeare probably had a longer name. Oh, William Shakespeare. Right? And Madonna had a last name. And Prince. Right? So as you grow, then the question is, are you dragging baggage with you? And micro strategy made sense 30 years ago in the era of Microsoft. We were a strategic consulting firm that used computers. And we wanted to send the message that we were a computer savvy strategic consulting firm. But then eventually everybody used computers. And then using computers isn't really that special anymore. And micro really seems de minimis, given our ambition. And over time, I heard, I would say 35% of the people would say, so tell me what's going on with micro strategies. So how I think of micro strategies. And if you think about it, whenever you come up with a compound word that is not really in the English language, you're working against the core genetic protocol of all human beings. How many people have learned English? Billions, right? How many hours of your life do you sit in classroom learning to speak proper English? How to spell English words, how to pronounce English words? A lot. So what's the perfect brand? The perfect brand name would be an English word that a billion people were taught to spell at age six or nine that was defined for them. If you're going to be successful in life, you need a good strategy. You need a business strategy, a financial strategy, a family strategy, a career strategy, a media strategy. When you fail, it's because you want a bad strategy. And so what we've done is we've taken a word that billions of people know that they can spell, that they understand. And as they say, the design is not complete until there is nothing left to take away. And you see that Steve Jobs epitomized that with the iPhone and Apple. And Elon Musk is famous for saying, the biggest mistake that engineers make is they optimize a process that shouldn't exist. And we thought about it. We said, why make people pronounce five syllables and write so many extra letters and misspell the thing? And if you meet 10,000 people, how do you feel about correcting 4,000 people because they made a mistake? Or maybe you make it, how about this, make it impossible to make a mistake. And what we did is we kind of made it impossible to make the mistake. And now we've just made it easy and elegant. And so that's really the thinking behind our strategy. Beautiful. You had an interesting fireside chat session. You talked about superpowers and Bitcoin and the need for Bitcoin to be adopted if a country were to remain or become a superpower. Now let's expand on that. So going into the future, Michael, will there be an arms race between superpowers to adopt Bitcoin and which countries are next? Yeah. So I think that Bitcoin is critical because as I said, it's digital energy and that makes it a digital economic system. And if it's a digital economic system, it means that a billion AIs, a billion computers can swap energy and swap capital, things of value with each other at the speed at which they can think friction free. And when you think about what's going to power the robots, what's going to power the driving cars. If I want to release an AI into cyberspace and have it live, if I want my AI that represents my interest to actually negotiate with 10,000 other AIs every second, it's going to be on a digital energy network. It can't be on a physical or a financial network. So with that as the fundamental, the countries that will embrace this first will be the most pro-innovation, pro-technology countries. The obvious one in the pole position is the United States for two reasons. Because the US is the most powerful country in the world and because the US has the most enlightened leadership in the world right now. Over the past four years, I've met with regulators everywhere else in the world. I've talked to politicians. If you talk to people in Mexico, in South America, in the Middle East, in Europe, in Asia, they're all looking at whether or not they have permission from the United States to do this. And everyone is afraid to get out from underneath that permission because they feel like they would be cut off from the banking network of the world. So no innovation generally takes place outside of the US except by extraordinarily brave gray market actors. And you can do it, but you can't, you can act in the gray market, but you'll never get more than one one hundredth of the capital. Right, so if you want the entire industry to grow by a factor of a hundred, you have to do it with a legitimate path. The actor with the legitimacy right now is the United States. After November 5th, what you got was a pro-innovation, pro-digital assets president. And by the way, that's important, but history is littered with examples of candidates that make promises on the campaign trail. And then after they get elected, they slow roll it and they say, yeah, well, we'll get to that, but in two years, in three years. And they appoint people or they promise you to get elected. And then they appoint cabinet members that disagree with you. And they're like, well, I would do it, but the secretary of whatever doesn't want to do it or whatever is more difficult. So what's really profound here over the past four months is you have a president that joined forces with the crypto community and the Bitcoin community. They supported him to be elected. He supports them. He appointed pro-innovation, pro-digital assets executives at Treasury, at the SEC, at the CFTC. But even beyond that, Tulsi Gabbard, RFK, and Howard Lutnick, and Kelly Loeffler are all non-financial cabinet members that are also supportive. And then he created a quasi-cabinet position in the Cryptozar. And so now you've got one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, eight cabinet members that I can name off the top of my head that are moving forward. And then he proceeded with executive order number one, executive order number two, Bitcoin strategic reserve, and then to set the tempo. And he created the air cover for all the cabinet members to act decisively. And so if I had to put my money on a country that's going to be the leader in digital assets, you've got to say the United States. And the US has such incredible gravitational pull that I wouldn't be surprised if it draws lots of capital from outside the US, both human capital and financial capital, outside of the US, into the US. And it has catalyzed the game theory dynamic here because the US is moving fast. If you're an ally of the US or an enemy or a frenemy of the US, it doesn't matter. You've got to look at this and they're all going to be drawn into the ecosystem. They really can't afford to ignore it at this point. And so I think that what you have is a catalytic effect that's created a Cambrian explosion and innovation and digital transformation, right? The digital transformation of capital, securities, commodities, tokens, ideas, and currencies. All of those things are about to go at a rate of 10x or 100x faster than they were on November 4th. A very short comment for people that are watching and adore and love you. A lot of people love you on the internet. What would you say to them, to the kids that look at you and be like, I want to grow up being just like him? What I would say is, is, you know, in the middle of 2020, under the COVID lockdowns, I found myself, you know, frustrated, dejected, and I was trying to figure out what is my meaning on this earth. Dejected by what exactly? By all of the turmoil in the economy. I'd worked in my company for 30 years and were competing with Microsoft and we couldn't grow. I thought after 30 years of hard work doing 100,000 things right every year, is this how it all ends? I think in my lowest moment, I looked around and I found the Bitcoin community. I found Bitcoin, the ideology, which led me to the protocol, which led me to the asset, which led me to the network, and I think it saved my company and it gave me a mission. It made me excited to get out of bed every day. It gave me a reason to get up in the morning and I felt like instead of retiring and just disappearing from history forever, you know, Bitcoin kind of gave me a reason to be and it really motivated me. And the result was great for my investors, great for my employees, it was great for my mental and physical health, and now everywhere I go in the world, I meet people and they're very motivated and, you know, they say, well, thank you for, you know, sharing your thoughts because it helped me to get more comfortable. And what I say to them is, well, thank you because really it's being on the team that motivates you to work so hard. I really couldn't do it if I didn't have the support of the community. And, you know, I think that Bitcoin is the greatest team in the world. It's like being on a member of a global sports team, like you're on a fan club. Imagine hundreds of millions of people and they're all rooting for the same team, but there's a twist. There's hundreds of millions of people that are fans, but we're all players. Every single person on this team is on the field playing every day. I'm playing my position, but, you know, the crew mechanic in Italy on the flight line is also playing, you know, and the guy on the beach in Brazil is also playing and people here at this conference are playing. So this is a team where everybody's a fan, but everybody's a player. Everybody's got skin in the game. When we're losing, we're all getting bruised, you know, we're all getting beat up together. And it's like all of us are feeling the pain. And when we're winning, everybody's winning together. And I think that that is such a beautiful thing for the world, that you get to join a team, play a game together where the rules are all rigged in your favor. And as I said before, it's the only game in the casino we can all win. So I feel great attracting people to join the team. I like being on the team. I like playing the game and thank you for your support. We love having you on the team. Michael, it was amazing being able to speak with you in person. Great honor. Thank you for joining us. Thank you. Thank you.