 I don't think stablecoin issuers are going to make that much money. Stablecoins will be basically like a zero margin product. What else do you foresee in the future that would be worth paying attention to? The meta that's really starting to heat up now is the savings account that pays you to 8 to 12 percent interest and then a credit card that pays you 3 percent cash back. That's crazily better than a traditional bank. You've got money from a crypto exchange into your bank account and like they would just turn your bank account off. Every bank will have something like a bad news division. So if you have an account with a bank they're looking at all over the internet. If your name pops up in a bad newspaper article it goes to the compliance team and they review it. Then if you do something bad they'll just turn stuff off. It's mostly theater. It's supposed to prevent bad people from using these financial systems. They totally don't work. Today's discussion is one I am very excited for because this might be the easiest way for you to experience what the future of finance looks like. It's not about holding crypto anymore. It is about being able to use it in your everyday life. Buying that new iPhone, buying groceries or buying your mom that new car she wants. There's no better person to talk about this than Mike. He is the founder of EtherFi. Hello Mike. Hey how's it going? Thanks for having me. I've heard this project a long long time ago from Arthur Hayes. He couldn't stop talking about it. And now that you're here for people that are not familiar with it. Tell me what you do. So EtherFi's mission is to create a full end-to-end alternative to traditional banking. So if you've used products like Revolut or Chime or New Bank. EtherFi is building something that is a full end-to-end alternative to those types of products and services. And you want to be a bank. You know banks are a very specific type of institution which take deposits. So EtherFi is non-custodial so we don't take control over users assets. Instead we give people all the same services all the same benefits. Like the equivalent of a checking account, the equivalent of an investing account. A credit card that they can use to spend but while being non-custodial. So the important part about that is that we give people the ability to control their assets. So unlike a bank we don't have the ability to take your money. You know the government can't come in and take your wealth. With EtherFi you retain custody. Plus we have much lower fees and much higher rewards than our traditional bank would provide. A TREADFI person if they hear this they'll be like oh two questions. One what is your business model then if you don't hold my money? Second where is my money then? If I were to use a card then it has to go somewhere right? It's like a check checking or like a debit card type of system. Yeah well so I mean this is the power of crypto right? Like when you think about Bitcoin or Ethereum or you know any other you know Crypto Solana or whatever. The benefit is when you have your crypto wallet whether it's a hardware wallet or you know software wallet on your computer when you deposit Bitcoin or Ether or stable coins into it there is no third party that holds custody of your assets. It's actually self-custodial. So in other words you as long as you can remember the seed phrase to your wallet there's no way that you know anybody can take those assets away from you. So it's the same with EtherFi. When you deposit your Ether your BTC or your stable coins into EtherFi you're putting it into smart contracts and you are trusting the code in those smart contracts. You don't have to trust us as EtherFi. Now to your other question you know how do we make money? Interestingly the business model is actually very similar to traditional banks. So for example on the credit card side every time that you swipe your Visa or whatever credit card the merchant so the store that you're buying your stuff from pays usually around 3% of that transaction to Visa and then Visa gives us a slice of that so we make about 1% off of what that merchant pays. So in other words the user the customer doesn't pay anything. We're taking it out of the share from the business and then in addition to that if you use other parts of the EtherFi products like the DeFi strategy vaults then we charge a fee on those. But that's completely transparent. It's open. You know exactly how much it's going to cost you. You can see where the assets are. And so in that sense I think it's a much more democratic kind of system than traditional finance. Is it a credit card or a debit card? So it is a credit card. It's a credit card in the sense that you can borrow and just the way that it's issued. It is a credit card but for now all loans on the credit card are fully collateralized. So you need to have assets like Bitcoin or Ether whatever that you're borrowing. What is the end game? If it's the end game is a credit card but how do you verify my credit? Yeah so well because it's a credit card we do KYC. So in other words we verify people's identity and you know collect information about them. And over time you know of course we get a lot of information about how much the income person has and their spending habits, their assets you know on chain. Which I think makes it possible for us to eventually give users uncollateralized credit. So eventually we plan to be able to do that. But I think frankly more interestingly the long-term goal is to completely get off of TradFi. Like the long-term goal is to go directly to merchants and bypass any of the credit card networks and allow people to directly pay for their stuff using their crypto assets. But that's going to take time. You know that's a huge initiative to be able to turn those rails on for all the hundreds of millions of merchants all around the world. I think I've heard a lot of crypto friends. They're like yeah well they're pretty wealthy but they can't really get the traditional credit card because you know the banks can't really verify their assets. Now from what I've heard you are trying to verify their assets on chain. So let's say I am a person that is rich in banks, in fiat. Now can you verify that in the future? Not at this point. I mean but it's not hard to imagine you know a time in the future where there's some sort of Oracle system that does allow you to you know to actually verify people's wealth you know off chain. Now I know it's funny right because in the traditional world it's the you know the problem is the exact opposite right. You might have you know millions of dollars of Bitcoin or ETH and the bank doesn't recognize that at all. But it's not hard to imagine a time in the future when you have the reverse situation where the default is on chain but maybe you have you know some stocks or whatever in your in your investment account and you know like your on chain credit program doesn't recognize those. So yeah it's eventually might come full circle. What inspired you to start this? Is it because you faced similar situations? I mean I got into Bitcoin pretty early. I read the white paper. I bought some Bitcoin back in 2011 and so when Bitcoin launched like this idea of a stateless money that was inflation proof and fully transparent was something that really appealed to me. So this just aligned with my values. I think this next generation financial system that is much more transparent much more fair much more democratic is something that I think is an important way of preserving and and increasing the amount of economic freedom that exists in the world. But not everybody has this idea of what they want the world to be like. Let's say if I'm just just a regular crypto holder. Why do I need this card? So yeah so as a product this is I would say it's the easiest way for you to use your crypto in real life. So if you have a bunch of crypto wealth you know most crypto people go through this dance of all right you get you know hopefully you're successful your number goes up you become wealthier and then every couple of months or so you take that money you put it into an exchange maybe you sell it for fiat or stable points then you send it to a custodian and then send them to a traditional bank and then eventually now you can use it in real life. And it's a long it's a painful process and at every stage you incur risk. Like with etherfi you skip all of that you basically you download the app you can get a credit card this credit card within two minutes you know after you set up your account and then you directly load it with fiat and then just send it in your real life. So for me what that means is I basically replaced probably 95 percent of my banking with etherfi because I can deposit fiat if you receive fiat as a salary if you want. You can deposit fiat it automatically gets converted to stables. I can you know deposit crypto and use that in my day to day. I can send wire transfers if I need to so if I need to make payments or you know pay for stuff in the real world I can just do that. It really does replace remove the need for a traditional bank as a user and this is especially true for people in I guess non-U.S. markets. You know our number one market right now actually is in Brazil. That's like where most where many of our users are. Another number two market is actually Taiwan. So we're seeing a lot of growth in markets where people want these virtual U.S. dollar bank accounts that let them save invest earn spend all you know seamlessly in crypto while maintaining their wealth in you know in dollars. And it's all through an app is that correct. Correct yeah yeah you can just download the IOS app and go through the whole process. You know I think for many people they wouldn't even necessarily even realize that they're using crypto. You just download an app you sign up you can fund it with with fiat. So like in Brazil we just introduced support for PICS which is a this the most the most widely used payment system in Brazil that you can pay a mortgage you can pay a rent you can get paid your salary through PICS. So for someone in Brazil signing up you know creating the accounting they wouldn't even necessarily realize that they're using crypto because you're just depositing money and then you're sending and investing it. Like the crypto part is completely abstracted. All that complexity goes away you just get the benefits. I think I've heard someone like the first few times I've heard about this project people are talking about it being a defi card and then at the time I was like that word is going to scare some people away. But when I actually use it there's it's so easy to use it just feels like the traditional bank apps that you wouldn't you're familiar with. So I guess. So awesome right. I mean I think yeah there's still room to make it even easier but but that's great to hear because that's exactly what we're going for is just make it super easy for for people. Another thing that I love is the transaction limit. You can just buy something really really expensive because back in the days if you want to buy something really expensive you kind of have to call your bank and be like hey there's this really huge transaction coming in. La la la you have to explain yourself now you don't. And this is what I really love. Yeah for sure. I mean we've had people I mean people buy 100,000 dollar watches. We've had people buy cars. We had somebody pay 150,000 dollar tax bill with the card. Somebody put a down payment on the house with the card. What? Yeah do whatever. Nice. Do whatever you want. Yeah it's great. And they get cash back on all these transactions? Correct. Yeah. So it's a three percent cash back basically no limit on anything that you buy. That's crazy if the purchase is big. Yeah so you know you buy a hundred thousand dollar watch you get four thousand dollars back. By the way really quick heads up. EtherFi is doing something special for our community. If you sign up using our link you'll get 25 dollar instantly. And Mike was kind enough to give us access to their new gold card program. The rewards are honestly mind-blowing. We'll talk about that in full details later but basically it is the first crypto card that gives four percent cash back. So stick around till the end. You'll definitely not want to miss this. There are some centralized exchange cards out there. And how is yours different? There are many many of these crypto connected cards out there. Without talking about specific ones most of them are really bad. I mean this is why none of them like very few other crypto card programs have gotten to any meaningful size because they just they tend to be like really bad products. They're either complicated to use or they have lots of restrictions like they advertise four percent cash back but it's limited to like a few hundred dollars. Or they advertise all these benefits but you have to use this exchange which has like really crazy fees in order to on and off ramp and things like that. But the other benefit is as I said is ETHify is self-pustodial. So if you're using exchange cards you can still be debanked. Your assets can still be frozen. Your account can be locked which happens all the time with many exchanges. Whereas with ETHify we can't lock your account. Your assets are yours. If we don't like what you're doing or whatever I mean there's nothing we can do. You are actually retaining custody of your asset which I think is important. I mean I think that you can't get liquidated in the way maybe certain exchanges have done recently. So yeah it just gives you a lot more control and safety. I think for people that haven't tried it or are not familiar with how it works the question would be well I kind of need money to be in the account to be able to spend it right now. So where does that money go? Let's say I want to put in $10,000 just in case I want to spend. Where does that money go when you said you are still holding it? What does that even mean? So it goes into a smart contract that is controlled by your wallets. So for example I mean I don't know how familiar viewers listeners are with other DeFi projects. But let's say you take $10,000 in stable coins or like five weeks in crypto and you put it into a product like Aave. Right? Well where those stable coins or that is in a smart contract. It's not like Mr. Aave can show up and just like pull your money. Like no you're trusting the code that it's built on. So in the exact same way you're putting your money into smart contracts that are controlled by your wallet. So you're trusting the code. You're not trusting any central entity to not take your money. When I swipe the card what really happened behind the scenes? It's a long and complicated process. There's like six different entities really more involved in every transaction. So step one you select the card. The merchant submits a transaction to try and charge you. That goes to Visa that of course verifies that the card exists and is valid. Which then eventually makes its way to our systems. Our systems look at your account and determine like okay does this person actually have enough money to be able to spend? And then an on-chain transaction is submitted. So basically like in the same way that you send Bitcoin or ETH or whatever an on-chain transaction is submitted that approves that transaction on your smart contract safe and then your funds are deducted from it. And then eventually through a series of steps that gets settled with Visa and then Visa actually gives the money to the merchant. But at any point you can withdraw all of the funds from the safe from EtherFile or you can lock it down and say okay I'm not allowing any more spending on the account. So those transactions only go through with your permission as long as you're willing to allow the system to spend your money. I heard this expert, a stablecoin expert from Singapore, he was on a show and then he was talking about how stablecoin is better than the traditional fiat system because when you pay there are two steps. One is the communication between two devices. One is the settlement. And for the traditional fiat system the settlement is T plus however many days. And sometimes the merchants have to wait for days to receive that money. Or weeks or months. Yeah. Right. And for stablecoins they just receive it right away because communication is settlement. Which is that happening right now because we're still going through Visa. Yeah you're still going through Visa. So it's the same from the merchant standpoint they still have to wait depending on jurisdiction and how it's set up. They might wait days or weeks or longer for the transaction to sell. So this doesn't solve that. This helps the user. It really doesn't help the merchant. That's a longer term solution that needs to be implemented. But in the ideal near future what would it look like? Are we going to skip Visa, MasterCard? Yeah and look maybe though, not maybe, I'm sure they're going to look at their networks and upgrade them to support stablecoin transfers and have these reduced fee models. So for sure that's going to happen. It's not going to be on the current kind of rails. Visa does useful things. There's fraud protection. There's things like chargebacks. There's a lot of work that goes into this. There's verifying merchants so that you don't have somebody gets your credit card number and they can just take all your money. There's a lot of protections behind the scenes that are valuable and all of that stuff needs to be built on chain before you can completely go direct to a merchant. So it sounds simple in a sense this transaction like you go to whatever online merchant, you buy something and yeah they get the money instantly. But think about what that means. That means you can't reverse the transaction. It means there's less fraud protection. So it's not as simple as it sounds. But is that the end game or is that just a fantasy world? Certainly it'll reduce fees when you have an end-to-end crypto stablecoin system. It'll reduce fees quite a bit. It's not going to be zero but maybe it'll make them 80% lower. Certainly it'll make settlements to some degree faster and more transparent. So yeah it'll be better. But even today just on the consumer side and the customer side, someone using the EtherFi product, the user is already getting a huge benefit. The benefit they're getting is one, obviously we talked about the self-pestity aspect of it but they also just get much higher rewards on their asset. If you deposit your assets into EtherFi on US dollars, this isn't a forward-looking projection but historically users have gotten 8% to 12% interest on their dollars. So it's analogous to a savings account that pays you 8% to 10%, 8% to 12% interest and then a credit card that pays you 3% cash back. That's crazily better than a traditional bank. I don't know what your bank pays you. I don't even know what interest rate it is but it means basically zero. It's so little I don't even know. That's right. Yeah it's basically zero and I don't know any credit card that pays you 3%. So just on that aspect of it, there's a huge benefit to users. Where did that 8% to 12% come from? So it comes from DeFi. Lots of different steps but mostly it's like lending and token rewards. So mostly you're lending out your dollars to people who want to borrow them and you're getting token rewards from various partner protocols. So if I need money, I can do the same thing on EtherFi and lend money? Well, it's indirect and I'm just saying you're depositing dollars into EtherFi and then you put it into our DeFi vaults which earn whatever the interest rate is these days. Where that interest comes from is usually it puts it into various DeFi protocols which are in most cases various forms of lending. So there's no mystery about where does the yield come from. It comes from lending for the most part. For users, what type of assets can be spent? Is it USDC only or other assets as well? So you can deposit USDC, USDT or these liquid strategy vaults and you can also spend those assets. So this is the cool thing is you can hold your assets within DeFi and then actually spend it directly from there. So you don't need to do any complicated stuff with kind of like unwrapping, withdrawing, whatever. It's just it's all kind of abstracted from you. So you can do something as simple as just put in USDC and spend that or put it into this DeFi strategy vaults that give you some rewards and then spend that directly. And the rest will still be generating yield or revenue for you? Correct. Yeah. So your entire account balance could be generating DeFi yields and then you sort of spend that as you go or you can borrow again. So that's what a lot of people do. Earlier, you talked about depositing US dollars. So if I am using a Taiwanese bank or any Asian banks, can I actually deposit Fiat or USD into EtherFi and start spending there? If you support Swift or ACH or Fedwire or SEPA, I think, which most international banks do support, if you can wire money into a US dollar account, then yes, you can do that. So yeah, you can wire money from Hong Kong or Taiwan or whatever. It'll work fine. It shows up within like a couple of hours. And it shows up as USD or USDC, USDT? USDC. So it automatically one-to-one gets converted into stablecoins. So you don't even need to think about any of the intermediaries. I want to talk about Visa card and MasterCard. So they process more than I think 14 trillion a year and they take about 1% to 3%. Is that correct? Yeah. Visa takes...there's lots of intermediaries involved. There's the issuing banks, there's partners, there's transaction payment processors and so on. Yeah, I think Visa takes maybe a little less than 1% of the transaction value. Amazon did around, I think, 600 billion in revenue and pays, let's say, 2% in card fees. And that's about $12 billion a year. This number comes from last year. So I think a lot of these retail giants, they're considering building their own stablecoin in private blockchains because they want to save on these fees. What do you think the trend is from an expert's perspective? Do you think these big companies will start creating stablecoin systems of their own and then kind of trap the funds within their own ecosystem? For example, if you're a partner that gets paid, then you can spend that stablecoin within that ecosystem on, let's say, cloud service or other services. It's not hard to imagine a world where there is thousands of these stablecoins that every merchant has their own kind of different variation of it. But it's also not hard to imagine most merchants just choosing to use a third party option because they can still save that 2% to 3% that they pay on merchant fees by using a third party stablecoin. The thing with stablecoins is everyone's very excited about these trillions of dollars that are going to be minted in stablecoins. But running a stablecoin is actually not going to be a very good business because the expectation will be that all of the underlying treasury-built yield just gets passed on to your customers. So it very quickly is going to be a business that approaches sort of zero margin. So are we talking about the issuer? The issuer of the stablecoin, yeah. So are Amazon or others or Walmart or whatever going to issue their own stablecoin? Maybe that's possible. Maybe they can get users to hold a balance with them. We've seen that from places like Starbucks. They have their Starbucks app and gift cards that you can preload and spend. And they have billions of dollars of customer deposits, which are earning no interest for their customers. But it's also hard for me to imagine users holding a balance with Amazon, with Walmart, with Costco, with whatever. Are you really going to hold balances across all of these different merchants? Probably not. So are these merchants then going to get much of a benefit from issuing their own stablecoin versus just using a third party, whether it's Circle or somebody else, using a third party stablecoin and not really worrying about it too much? Because what I was trying to say is I don't think stablecoin issuers are going to make that much money because the expectation is going to be that you pass all of that yield on to your users. And so stablecoins will be basically like a zero margin product. So I don't know that Amazon is going to be too excited about issuing their own stablecoin. But I do think what we talked about earlier, a lot of these payment networks transitioning to just direct stablecoin payments, I think that's very reasonable because then it saves the merchant 2% to 3% on their trend actions. Regarding what you just said, but issuers like USDC, USDT, they are probably some of the most profitable companies in the world. So that is today, right now. But later on, you foresee that they're going to have less revenue. Well, first of all, falling interest rates, as interest rates fall, their revenue goes down directly. But then in addition to falling interest rates, the expectation will be that they pass on all of that interest to their users. That's not today, maybe not even in a year, but that's the end game, right? Because that's just going to be the default. So the Genius Act actually says issuers cannot pass on the yield to users. But I assume what you're saying is they're going to look for other ways. Yeah, most of these alternative stablecoins find ways of passing on users indirectly. I mean, there's different ways of doing it. Maybe the user stakes the stablecoin. And then part of staking it is you get a reward that just happens to be exactly the same as the treasury bill yield or even a little bit higher, right? We see most new stablecoin entrants boosting the rewards. They're actually paying more than the interest that they're collecting in order to get adoption. So it actually becomes a loss later in many cases. So yeah, so there's lots of loopholes that allow stablecoin issuers to pay out that yield to users. This is really interesting because I went on a few interviews, like local interviews, and they were asking, these are like brokers and more traditional finance people, and they're interested in investing in stablecoin related stock or other things. But right now, there are only a few. It's very clear that it's only like, oh, Circle IPO to know that. But what else do you foresee in the future that would be worth paying attention to? Yeah. So I think the meta that's really starting to meet up now is this category called crypto neobanks, kind of like, like etherfi. We're now seeing a number of these projects getting launched seemingly almost daily. And to me, that's a much more interesting business than just stablecoin issuers, which again is, I think over time is just going to get commoditized and the margins are going to zero pretty quickly. So whereas something like a crypto neobank is much more of like a picks and shovels play on stablecoins in that there's a revenue model, there's users, there's distribution, there's all kinds of ancillary sources of revenue that products like etherfi have that don't just rely on issuing the stablecoin. So etherfi generates revenue from all transactions. So we take roughly 1% of interchange revenue from the merchants that we talked about earlier. We generate some returns if users are borrowing against their assets. So we take a spread on that. If users are doing swaps within the act, there's some revenue that comes from that. If users are depositing into DeFi, into these strategy vaults, there's a bit of revenue that etherfi generates off of that. And then in turn, staking rewards. So if you're staking your ETH or BTC, etherfi generates some revenue there. And soon we're going to be launching something called etherfi trade within the app that allows you to actually trade perks using hyperliquids. So there's a much more broadly diversified revenue business in etherfi than just the stablecoin side of it. So what else can I do on etherfi? Let's say I think ether is going up and I don't want to sell it, but I need the money so I can just borrow against my ETH. Is that correct? Yeah, exactly. Yeah, that's a pretty common thing that people do. Are people doing that now? Or do they think ether is going up? I mean, look, long term, I think it's a good bet. But yes, lots of people are doing that. Okay, and a question a little bit more on the traditional network and also stablecoin. SWIFT has been around forever. And this is how banks move money across borders. It's kind of slow and it's pretty expensive. But do you think stablecoin is starting to chip away that SWIFT's influence and maybe completely in the future? If that is the case, does that mean? I mean, not yet, because the numbers are just very small relative to all of the SWIFT volume. But eventually, of course, yeah, I mean, it's just it's so much better. I mean, so it's obviously a superior model. But like, for example, US, if they want to sanction other countries, they kind of use this system. And that means in the future, if SWIFT's influence is being weakened, then this method, you can't really do that anymore. I mean, in some ways, it's actually much easier to do those kind of sanctions. Look, if you're using US dollars, the US government can get you. So as an individual user, you have to get OFAC sanctions. It's like, you have to be doing some bad stuff. But if you're in our country or a bank and the US wants to sanction you, it's actually very easy to do that with stablecoins. Any country stablecoin, should the government be allowed to tell the issuer who should we sanction and who should we debank? It's not a question of like should or shouldn't. That's just the reality of it. As long as you're using US dollars, if you fully want to get off the tradfi system, you shouldn't be using dollars. If you're using something like etherfi, you're not going to get debanked. The threshold for you to get debanked is very high. Like you have to finance North Korea or something or terrorism. Okay, then we're going to have to respect sanctions against you or whatever. But that's a very different threshold than you donate money to the wrong cause and your bank suddenly says, we're shutting off your bank account, which happens all the time. Really? Of course. Yeah, of course. I mean, that happens all the time. It could be as simple as, this doesn't happen anymore with the Trump administration. But honestly, it was before that, it was as simple as like you got money from a crypto exchange into your bank account. And like they would just turn your bank account off. Where in Canada, I lived in Canada for many years, there was during COVID, like this big protest that happened, Canadian truckers were protesting COVID restrictions. And anybody that donated money to the Canadian truckers ended up having their bank accounts shut off. That's insane. Yeah, I mean, I had friends that they've been banking with some of the larger banks for years, decades, and then they just got completely shut off because they sent them a few hundred bucks. So yeah, I mean, this happened all the time to people. So those types of things, I can almost guarantee, I mean, they've never happened to anybody with ether 5 because it's just, yeah, it's the threshold for getting like sanctions where like your wallet addresses and identity is blocked is much, much higher than like just some bank saying, we don't like this news article about you, so we're going to turn everything off for you. So most people don't realize when like every financial institution, every bank, basically every regulated financial institution has an entire department dedicated to compliance. Compliance basically is like obeying all the regulatory laws that are out there. And one of those things is called like every bank will have what's called something like a bad news division. Like literally they'll have a bad news division. And so they look for like articles online on, you know, in like major publications and they search for your name. So if you have an account with a bank, they're looking at all over the internet with, you know, for articles and news about your name. And if your name pops up in a bad newspaper article, it goes to the compliance team and they review it and they say, oh, wow, Bob here, you know, like did something bad, like this, you know, bad news story. Okay, let's shut off all his bank accounts because we don't want to be associated with Bob anymore. That's insane. I mean, it's such a dystopian thing. I mean, people criticize, you know, China with their social credit system. Like the same shit exists in North America. Like every bank, as I said, has this division that searches your name all over the internet. And if you do something bad, they'll just turn stuff off. So that's the kind of stuff that this crypto, neo banking alternatives help prevent. In addition to not being able to just lock your bank account, right? Like that's the other, okay, like the bank can turn off your bank, but they can also lock your money for whatever reason. And then you can't access it for, you know, for years. They can also gamble with all of your money. And then if they lose it, then you're screwed. And the bank cover usually gets, you know, bailed out without any kind of transparency existing around that. So those are the things that this alternative system can help prevent. But you don't have a bad news department? No, we don't. We do have a compliance department. Right, of course. We're subject to all the same kinds of laws, but it's not, you know, it's not the same kind of like, you know, dystopian thing. I think it's comforting for most people to know that, you know, the company is compliant. I guess that's like the basic, you know, people want to be able to trust that whoever that's processing their money is following the rules. Yeah, yeah. I mean, it's mostly, well, yeah, it's mostly theater, but theater in the sense that it's supposed to prevent, you know, bad people from, you know, using these financial systems. Like, that's what the AML, AMC money laundering and KYC, you know, your customer laws are supposed to do. And they totally don't work. I mean, they don't prevent any of that. All they do is impose this huge costs and burden and create a bit of this like surveillance state for normal people. You know, it's a little bit like the TSA after 9-11. Like it's just mostly security theater. It doesn't actually make anybody safer. So what you're saying is people who want to do bad things can actually go around it easily. The traditional systems. Yeah, of course. I mean, what's it like? You know, bad people have bank accounts and launder money all the time. It's not a particularly just felt. What's a better system then? Well, the better system is presumption of innocence. Like you let people engage in commerce and if they do something bad, then you can go in and do investigations and try and freeze people's assets if it's needed. But like you have to have evidence. Like you have to actually start with proof that the person did something bad, not sort of impose this sort of preemptive system of penalties and controls on everyone with the hope that maybe you'll prevent some bad people from doing stuff. But the reality that it doesn't actually do any of that. In practice, what would that look like? So you still do KYC, but then I think the problem is KYC. The process is expensive. Is that what you're saying? I mean, you know, that's a big question. Like what is a better system look like? In a sense, for a very, you know, a lot of history of the finance, when people transacted with bearer assets or cash, you know, there's no KYC when you do a cash transaction, right, with people. So that's in many ways what crypto is kind of going back to, right? Going back to bearer assets, where if you have a wallet, if you have assets in that wallet that you can control, they're yours. I mean, there's no, nobody, KYC is, you know, which Bitcoin address has which, you know, how much, you know, Bitcoin. So going back to that kind of system, I don't know how much you actually lose as far as protections. I think as I was saying, I think most of those protections that exist today are kind of theater. So you need to identify a person who did something bad and then do investigations and identify, okay, this is the address where the bad thing happened and then try and figure out how to restrict the movement of those assets. Mike, I really enjoy this conversation. It's not just about EtherFi. It's about, you know, the future of money and also stablecoin. And I think a lot of, you know, thoughts that are deeper than just money. So I really enjoyed it. And if people want to sign up, you can use the link down below. And if you refer friends, there's a program for you. You can get bonus and rewards and stuff. Lastly, I would love to have you back in the future if you'd like. And thank you so much for your time. Yeah, great to be here. Great to chat with you. It was a great conversation. Before we wrap up here's something you will want to know. EtherFi just launched a gold card and there are only 30 cards in the world. Off camera, Mike actually told me he's giving five to our community, which is huge. If you want one, now's the time. Use the link down below to sign up and start spending. You'll get $25 instantly and top three spenders will be invited to become gold card members and will draw two more winners before Black Friday. So you can actually use the card for your holiday shopping and get your 4% cash back on everything. 5% on travel, up to 60% off hotels, plus exclusive concierge, VC investment access, and even direct contact with the EtherFi leadership team. If you don't make the gold card list, you still get 3% cash back. So way above normal cards. I've got plenty of shopping to do. So if I'm spending anyway, I want to get paid for it. Okay, but just remember this is DeFi and DeFi products have risks just like any other financial product for spending. Only keep what you plan to use. If you're going to try staking or borrowing, definitely do your research first. Only 30 gold card exist and we've got five. Check the description, claim your $25 and get your card before Black Friday and Christmas hit to earn that 4% cash back. Thank you very much, Mike.