 I don't like the war. You've worked with directly with President Trump. If you read their constitution, the first couple of sentences is they want to foment and they want to project the Iranian radical Islamic cult. I'm also observing 25 years of history of the Americans in the Middle East trying to create regime change with no success. We replace the Taliban with the Taliban. The president says that the country pays the tariffs. But that's not who pays the tariffs. American people pay the tariffs. Now hopefully I'm wrong. Hopefully tonight we'll wake up and it's a V-shaped bounce. Well when you're 15, 16, 17 and you're reading the paper about current events and it's the president of this country, the prime minister of that country, you're thinking that they put their pants on differently than you. You think they're special because of what your financial means are and where you're living, you think you're not. One of the big realizations for me in my life is that your opportunity comes a lot from frankly your upbringing, a lot from your brain chemistry and a lot from your belief system. You could play with anybody. Fight is on the inside. Remember Henry Ford once said something Bonnie, you should listen very carefully. If you think you can or you think you can, you're right. My guest today, Anthony Scaramucci, he's one of my favorite founder of SkyBridge Capital, chairman of SALT. He also served as the White House Communications Director during Trump's first term. And here's his bestseller, The Little Book of Bitcoin has just been translated into Chinese. What a fantastic book. Hello Anthony. Well first of all, thank you. And I want to stay your favorite. Okay, so I got to get out of this interview with you still liking me, Bonnie, right? That's my girl. Okay, okay. Well, okay. First question, I have to ask you about the war. No, listen, I don't like the war. I wouldn't have done the war. I don't recommend the war. The war always leads to a doctrine of unintended consequences. And if you even just think about what is the best outcome for the United States or for the Gulf countries, it's still a very murky outcome. So you're better off not having wars, frankly. That's just my personal opinion. We're in it now. I don't see a 93 million person country with a 5,000 year history just giving up right away. I just don't see that happening. And we don't do regime change well in the United States. So we have a very bad track record. We replaced the Taliban with the Taliban after 20 years of fighting. And so for me, I don't like it. And I wish they didn't do it. But we're in it now. I'm an American. I wish our troops great safety and success. But I can't believe, and I go to the Gulf a lot, as you probably know. I'm in Abu Dhabi all the time, Dubai, Bahrain. I'm in Qatar. I can't believe that the Gulf states are happy about this. Just can't believe that they would be because it's just it's hurting the real estate prices. It's hurting everything. Are they happy about it? I don't think that they are, no. I don't think they are. So people are saying that the Gulf states wanted this. I don't think so. I've got an open letter from the Dubai billionaire. I don't know him well. I've met him once. I don't think MBZ would have ever let that letter go out if he didn't sanction the letter. So I don't think they're happy about it. Look, it is what it is. We'll see what happens. What's interesting, though, is as you've seen, Bitcoin has a bid. Bitcoin hasn't really gone through its, say, interest cycle low of 60,000. And looking at it today, the price is relatively firm, given everything that we know about oil prices and other assets. So I feel like Bitcoin is this sneaky instrument, Bonnie. It led us into this thing. When everything seems superficially OK, Bitcoin crashed 40 percent. And now that everything is not OK and it's more than just superficial, Bitcoin seems to be fairly stable. Fifteen percent of Iranians support this current regime, very low. So many people want this change, but they're probably scared. There's a speech that Trump said, you know, the hour of freedom is at your hand. Now is the time to seize control of your destiny. I say tonight that the hour of your freedom is at hand. Now is the time to seize control of your destiny and to unleash the prosperous and glorious future. But what do you think would happen realistically? Well, you have to understand something, that there's 47 years of suppression. You know, I can't imagine after four years of war in Russia that the Russian population is super supportive of that war. But you have a police state and you have a, you know, you have a security system around the country that's repressing the people. So I accept that. But I say those people are generally unarmed. Those people can go into a protest in the street by anybody's count. You have to tell me there's a lot of disinformation. Iranians say 3000 people were killed during the January protests. The Americans are saying it's 30,000. I'm not sure which number is correct, but that's 3000 or 30,000 too many. So you have to be very realistic about these things. I want there to be peace. I recognize the repression of the regime. I'm not sitting here as an apologist for Iran. Of course it's a repressive regime and it's something that I would like to have end. It's been 47 years of heartbreak for the Americans in the West as it relates to that country. I will also point out to people listening to your show that if you read their constitution, the first couple of sentences is they want to foment and they want to project the Iranian radical Islamic cult, if you will, or however you want to describe it, the Islamic Republic of Iran. They want to export it to other places. They've been a state sponsor of terrorism. They have Iranian militias in Iraq that have wreaked havoc. Obviously they have funded Hamas and Hezbollah with their oil proceeds, which has put a hurt on Israel, which is one of our strongest allies. So I'm a very realistic person about who they are and what they are, but I'm also observing 25 years of history of the Americans in the Middle East trying to create regime change with no success. And so we probably spent $8 to $10 trillion. Millions of people have died, tens of thousands of Americans wounded and or killed. And so it's hard for me to understand after that experience over the last 25 years why we're going in this direction. I'm just saying to you as a rationalist and a pragmatist, there were other ways to go about this. I think we're going to find, frankly, that in the situation in Oman, there was a deal on the table and we're going to have to understand more carefully why that deal wasn't accepted. I mean, even taking uranium enrichment down to near zero for the country. There was a negotiation about three weeks ago in Oman where the Americans were there with the Iranians and then the talks apparently broke down. But the Iranians agreed to the terms that the Americans wanted. So the question is, why do we not take those terms? We said, OK, here's the terms. And the Iranians said, OK, we're going to give you those terms. And then we didn't take them. So listen, listen, I'm not a pacifist either. I get the fact that sometimes you have to use the military and you have to protect our interests around the world. I understand all of that. But I just think this is a really bad situation. And when you're learning that the Russians are providing signal intelligence to help target Iranian missiles and the president is, I guess, OK with that and the president's going to help, I guess, Vladimir Putin in Ukraine, I don't know. It doesn't add up to me. But again, I'm an American. I want to support our troops. And I obviously am praying for a great outcome. But as it relates to Bitcoin, I think other assets are going to fall a lot. I think Bitcoin has already had its crash. It's I think we've hit our interest cycle low. That's just me personally. I think it's that $60,000 number. It feels pretty sturdy here in the mid-60s. And everybody's got different opinions of Bitcoin. I'm more in the four-year cycle of Bitcoin. And I really feel like you won't see Bitcoin rallying until the end of this year. It'll probably be starting in the fourth quarter just because of the way the economics are around the mining, the hash rate, the halving cycle coming. We're two years into the last halving. As you get towards the third year, you start to see more robust activity in Bitcoin. So even though we have institutions in there and all this other stuff, I still see the traditional four-year cycle for the asset. Dami Huobi's loan platform, Nexo, now has a bonus activity. Use the link below to open your account. In 15 days, you can save at least $5,000 in assets. You can also add a 2% return. In the next 30 days, they'll use the average asset size in your account to calculate a 2% bonus. The bonus is $250,000. If you're a new user, you can get a 7% UST plus a 2% platform. Let's say I want to increase my income. The first way to do that is to choose a regular deposit, which is three months. You can add 2% more annual income, which is the most basic 7% plus the three months of deposit. Plus the new user, 2%. The second way to increase your income is to use Nexo's platform currency to get all the rewards. That's 2% more than the UST. The third way to increase your income is to increase your membership level in Nexo. That is to increase the number of Nexo tokens, Nexo platform currencies, in the investment group. Not only stable currency, but other currencies can also be used to pressurize. Click on the highest-income asset on the E-share board, you can see all kinds of different currencies, their annual income rate, and different membership levels can get different income rates. If Bitcoin had a little bit of a limited asset, this could be a reference to the configuration method. What about other assets? For example, last year, Liberation Day, it was a V-shaped recovery. Are we going to see that now, in case the market crash a little more? Well, again, you have to tell me what's going to happen. If you tell me the Americans say, okay, Trump is prone to do anything, you can say, we've won. Whether we've won or we haven't, and he pulls back our offensive operation, will that stop the Iranians from bombing our Gulf allies? Presumably it would, and maybe that would cause a V-shape. But I think a lot of damage has been done, because you've taken out a few of our satellite imagery radar systems. That's factual, both the Americans and the Iranians are saying that. The Gulf states have felt generally unprotected. We put bases in a lot of those areas, and they have felt generally unprotected. I think you've upset the apple cart. I think you've upset the balance of what's going on in the Middle East. So even if you get, I don't know, what's the outcome? The Trump administration stands down or something like that, you tell me. I mean, I don't see how you get to a regime change without boots on the ground. Moreover, put the boots on the ground, look at what happened in Iraq. You had 10 years of resistance, 10 years of ISIS. Look, it's not clear to me that that's going to be the answer. So I'm sitting here looking at various outcomes. The American outcomes are very different from the Israeli outcomes. You know, the Israelis, Trump was looking to negotiate with somebody. He was looking for a Delcey Rodriguez. Delcey, of course, is now the president of Venezuela. She was the number two for Maduro. Trump basically went to her and tried to cut a deal. So he was looking to do that, but the Israelis killed 40 or 50 people, some of which were secularists. So, you know, we have diverging interests with the Israelis. And again, try to understand the Israelis. They've been terrorized by Iran for 40 plus years. This attack on October 7th obviously really hurt the country, hit the country. The situation in Gaza is an unspeakable tragedy. And whatever side of it you're on, I think we can stipulate that it's a tragedy on both sides. So to me, I don't see the way out of this cleanly. Now, hopefully, I'm wrong. Hopefully tonight we'll wake up and it's a V-shaped bounce like the Liberation Day. But again, you talk about Liberation Day, October, April 2nd, it was an unforced error by the United States. There was no reason to do that. Moreover, the Supreme Court ruled that what the president was doing was illegal. So he did something illegal. We all looked at it and said, OK, you can't do that. Did it anyway. We took in the tariff revenues, which is an illegal tax. I just want to point out to everybody when the president says that the country pays the tariff, that does not pay the tariff. American people pay the tariff. And so this sort of stuff is, to me, poor management. When you have good executive management, really good things happen. I was in Belfast last week. I had a live show with Alistair Campbell, the former aide to Tony Blair. We had 2,000 people at the convention center in Belfast. And we were just talking about good policy, good governmental policy, better quality of life. There are 30 years now since they signed this treaty, or 28 years since they signed this treaty in Northern Ireland. And there's a whole group of people growing up in Northern Ireland in peace. They don't have the trauma of their ancestors, of the constant bombing and the constant fighting. So good policy, you get good outcomes, you get peace and prosperity. Bad policy, where nobody can tell you what the end game is and nobody can suggest to you which way it's going to go. That's dismaying, to say the least. I think a lot of people are wondering. You've worked directly with President Trump. Is this the end of America leading the global stability? Or what is happening with Venezuela, with Iran? I'm a realist. What the Americans are doing is outside of the ambit of the 80 years of the rules-based order that they tried to create. And so now we're acting unilaterally and frankly, we're letting one person run things. So we have more or less revoked the War Powers Act. If you read the War Powers Act, you have to have an eminent danger. The president does have, he is the commander in chief, there's an eminent danger to the United States. You don't have to go through the Congress. You have to give the guy some flexibility to act. Was Iran an eminent danger to the United States? Our intelligence officials, when they briefed the Senate Intelligence Committee, said no, it wasn't. So you're stretching all of the rules even inside the United States and you're stretching the Constitution for this one man. So the reason why I have been critical, we have done better. The beauty of the blockchain is in its decentralization. The beauty of the American government, frankly, is in its decentralization. The fact that there wasn't centralized power in the United States to speak of, where each branch of government had separate but equal authority, it really allowed the country to flourish. You weren't going to get one hegemon, you weren't going to get one autocrat to stiff the American people. And when you study autocracies, what typically happens is the people at the very top, there's a funnel of corruption and the people that are close to the leader, they do very, very well and the rest of the people feel general unfairness about the situation and then they go from having aspirations to feeling economically desperate. So to me, what he's doing is against the 200 and, well, we're almost 250 years old, it's against that. We don't have a Congress that's willing to fight and stand up to them. There's nobody standing up to them. So I mean, and it got, by the way, we're moving through the news cycles very quickly, Bonnie. So a couple of weeks ago, maybe eight, seven, eight weeks ago, we're talking about the invasion of Greenland. So the notion that we were going to invade a NATO-based country and take over their land, we had some of the people in the Congress did go to him privately and said, okay, well, we'll probably have to figure out a way to get you out of office if you want to continue talking like that and speaking like that. So now we're back, now we're in Iran. So the president likes attention, likes making money for himself. He's made over $4 billion for himself and his family in the last year. It's just, we're going against every norm that's worked. There's an irony here and I'm going to say it to you in a way that makes me sad, but there's an irony here. Anything that's worked to make America prosperous and to help people like me who grew up with no money and were able to live the American dream, we're doing in reverse now. You just mentioned about, you know, growing up and all that. Last time we did the show, it was with David Lin. And first of all, before I ask you that question, I really want to thank you because when we first met in New York with David Lin, it was my first ever conference. And I told you. Was that at the DOS? Yes. Exactly. You told me, I don't know if you remember this, I gotcha. And you know, the rest is history. I've been doing this ever since. So thank you so much. That really made a really big impact. Well, you got to listen to me. Everything in life is about, the fight is on the inside. You know, I remember Henry Ford once said something, Bonnie, you should listen very carefully. If you think you can or you think you can't, you're right. Okay. You got that. Okay. The fight's on the inside. Okay, you got it. You know, you're talented. You're extremely good at what you're doing and you have great capabilities. You have to believe that once you believe that you're capable of doing anything. It's an inside game, Bonnie. Don't forget that. I have talked about this in multiple podcasts and I love you for that. Thank you. And from last conversation as well, I asked you about growing up in a blue collar family and becoming very successful. And you said if you could go back and tell your younger self, you would tell him to be way more sure of himself. Is there any personal story you could share? Well, I mean, listen, I, like you and many other people, I was intimidated and felt insecure about my role in the world. And so as an example, when you're 15, 16, 17 and you're reading the paper about current events and it's the president of this country, the prime minister of that country, you're thinking that they put their pants on differently than you. You know, you think you're thinking they're special and because of what your financial means are and where you're living, you think you're not. But as I said to one of my buddies at Harvard Law School who was talking very pedantically to me, I said, let me tell you something, buddy. There are people putting sheetrock in my neighborhood. They're installing sheetrock that are way smarter than you. OK, so calm yourself down. They just had parents that were putting in sheetrock and didn't have your opportunity. So calm down. So I think one of the big realizations for me in my life is that your opportunity comes a lot from, frankly, your upbringing, a lot from your brain chemistry and a lot from your belief system. So I can sit here today at 62 and tell you that, you know, you can play with anybody. OK, they give you the ball. You'll put the ball in the hoop. OK, so don't don't let anybody intimidate you. Don't anybody think that they're better than you. Now the flip side of that is because I grew up in a blue collar neighborhood, I don't think I'm better than anybody. You know, so if I'm in a hotel, my grandmother was once a maid. I often think, hey, this person cleaning this room could be somebody's grandmother. So I want to make sure I leave them a gratuity and treat them with kindness and dignity. So you're no better than anybody, Bonnie, but you're no worse than anybody. I think that's the big messaging from my life. And that's that's basically my realization. I love that. Before I let you go, your son, AJ, bought a Pokemon card for 16 million dollars. 16.5 million. Yeah. What crossed your mind after learning that? Well, I'm proud. He's an avid collector. He's a serial entrepreneur. He's a venture capitalist. He went to Stanford Business School. He's been a Pokemon collector his whole life. I think he sees that as a one of one. And I think he sees that as a unique asset. And remember, these avid Pokemon collectors are in their 30s. Imagine these guys when they're in their 60s. And I think the possibilities are endless. But he's also building a treasure company. He calls it Treasure Trove. And so I'm very, very proud of him. And I wish him great success with it. He wants he's telling me he wants to buy a T-Rex. He wants to buy a Declaration of Independence. And so before you know it, he'll probably have a lot of assets on his balance sheet that I think are irreplaceable. So yeah, I mean, listen, that was a big purchase. But he also we're talking about it, you and I, a lot of people talk about it. He captured the Internet with it and people he's arrived. And so I'm very proud of him. For everyone watching, I'll put the link of BITBIT CONG TONG XUE, the little book of Bitcoin down below. Get a copy. It is super easy to read and one of the best way to understand Bitcoin if you're just starting. We're also giving away a few copy of this book. So tell us in the comments section what you love most about this conversation and share it with your family and friends. Then you'll have a chance to win this book. Thank you again, Anthony.