 The cycles of fear and greed have continued. When people say altcoin Caesar is not coming back this time, what would you say to them? They don't know what they're talking about. So Bitcoin that has two things around its super cycle. Number one is the fact that you only have 5% of people in the world owning any Bitcoin. And it should like other disruptive technologies that go mainstream, ultimately get to 70, 80, 90%. Even if someone's, you know, invisible to the user. You don't go into the internet these days and say, okay, let me make sure I'm connecting to the TCPIP layer. Right. It's all invisible. And that will happen with Bitcoin in the coming time. This is before your cycles have been remarkably predictive of performance. So again, break each cycle down in the four seasons. So every cycle has higher prices than the cycle before it. So don't you talk about that in the white paper? Well, that just sounds too easy. Is it really that easy? So far it's been. Do you think institutions get into Bitcoin chains this season? I think this is considered to be the start of a third super cycle for commodities because of the dollar. I think the Satoshi plan it to be in US presidential years. And so far it's been that way. But it was November of 2012, July of 2016, May of 2020, April of 2024. At some point, if it keeps on being less than 48 months, we're going to have it be in the year prior to the president's election. How would that change the cycle? The last 40 years from 2100 to 2140 will be a total of two and a half Bitcoins for 40 years. Wow. I was not thinking about that. If you can go in and figure out how to get one Bitcoin over the next 10 years, that could be worth $20 million in 20 years, 30 years. 2029, the year after the next halving, and I think it will be around half a million. And then 2033 is like, I think it's a given now that we're going to be the million dollars. Where are we in the Bitcoin super cycle? Where is this cycle headed and where will it take the Bitcoin price next? We're talking about this and many other things with Michael Turpin, CEO and founder of Transform Ventures. I'm David Lin. Bonnie J. Michael, you've been referred to by Legacy Media as the godfather of crypto. Why? Well, I guess I've been around a while. The CNBC called me that in 2018. By then, I'd already worked on about 100 crypto projects in terms of advising and marketing. I helped I founded Bit Angels in early 2013, the first investor group. We're in 30 cities now, including Las Vegas, including New York, Dubai, Singapore. And it's pretty decentralized. It's basically each city holds their own events that connect founders with with investors. And then we also do about 20 global events a year. So, for example, we have a Denver chapter. But when each number is in town, we roll in some global resources because it's obviously going to be a bigger event. What was your first crypto acquisition? Bitcoin. All right. Well, we're going to talk about the Bitcoin cycle. The Bitcoin super cycle. You said Bitcoin price has four seasons. Yes. What season are we in now? And can you break it down? Sure. We're in summer, which is the good season. So Satoshi in the White Paper, and I talk about this in the book. Satoshi in the White Paper said that as long as new Bitcoin usage, you have to buy it to use it, goes up more than the new Bitcoin that are being mined. The price has to go up. It never goes up in a straight line. And that's where the four seasons comes in. But every single cycle, we're in the fifth cycle out of 33 now, and each cycle has had fewer and fewer Bitcoin. So the very first cycle, just this block through the end of 2012, had 7200 Bitcoin mined every day. And then after the first halving, it got cut in half, went to 3600. In the second halving, third cycle went to 1800. Four years later, it went to 900. Four years after that, which is the cycle we're in now, fifth cycle after the fourth halving, we're now at 450 per day. Big change from 7200 today. And to put that in perspective, Michael Saylor buys more than 450 Bitcoin a day. So Michael and MicroStrategy alone take up all of the Bitcoiner in mind. And they're certainly not the only buyers. So as more and more, as they call them Bitcoin treasury companies, emulate variations of MicroStrategy's model, as more states and governments and eventually countries, sovereign wealth funds start buying Bitcoin. Certainly in the last year, we've seen institutions start buying it and also the ETFs. And the ETFs, I mean, BlackRock alone has more Bitcoin now than MicroStrategy. And it took MicroStrategy almost five years to get what they have and about a year for BlackRock. Do you think institutions get into Bitcoin changes this season? Does not change the season. It just simply changes the macro part. Right. So the math behind scarcity remains the same. So we right now are this the first cycle that new Bitcoin, what they call the stock to flow ratio, is scarcer than gold. So gold has historically been about one to one and a half, sometimes as high as 2% of new gold coming onto the market. So that's their inflation. And it varies depending on the price of gold. If gold is high like it is now, I mean, all time highs, 3500 or so. That means they have more resources to go further down and get some gold that wasn't viable when it was, say, $200 an ounce. Not so for Bitcoin. You can't go and put more money into miners and ever increase that amount of Bitcoin that comes out every day. In fact, it's going to come out every day. So right now we're at 0.8 inflation and gold is around 1.5 in four years. It'll go to 0.4, then 0.2. And literally the last 40 years from 2100 to 2140 will be a total of two and a half Bitcoins for 40 years. Wow. I was not thinking about that. Yeah. I'm just thinking you said strategy alone buys more money. I'm just thinking you said strategy alone buys more than 450 Bitcoin a day. Correct. And all the big Bitcoin miners are mostly hodling, not liquidating. That's correct, because they don't have to liquidate because they have other resources. So is it fair to say then that none of the new Bitcoins being created on a daily basis are going to be available for the public? So in other words, in practice, the available supply is much less than 21 million. It's whatever it is now. Well, right now we're about to hit 20 million in the next couple of months. Right. So that means that we're about roughly 95% distributed in terms of all the Bitcoin versus what's left. So there's only 5% left to mine. However, only 5% of the world has any Bitcoin. So at some point, all disruptive technologies tend to go through this technology adoption lifecycle. They also call it the S curve of adoption, where the first four, five, six percent take forever to get going. Right. That's when the early people, I mean, was written about in Crossing the Chasm. It's been written about in the Garbiter hype cycles. They're all variations on the same effect, which is that it takes 15, 20 years to get something to the point where it really has the momentum to appeal to the masses. And so you have the early adopters that might take 15, 20 years to get going. Then you have the early majority. And that's a larger category. I mean, it's usually I think in what Jeffrey Moritz said, I think it's about three, four percent that are the early adapters. And then it's maybe like 10 or 15 percent of the early majority. Then you have the mid majority, which is where you get to like 50, 60 percent of the population. Then you have the late majority of the laggards. And then you have people who never, you know, there's still people who don't own television. But that's a very small number of people. Can you tell us what indicators are you looking at to tell you that we're going from this season to the next? First one is the calendar, the calendar, the calendar. So in other words, the four year cycles have been remarkably predictive of performance. So I again break each cycle down into four seasons. So every cycle has higher prices than the cycle before it. Satoshi talked about that in the white paper, as long as you end up having, you know, more Bitcoin being bought than Bitcoin being mined, it has to go up. It just doesn't go up in a straight line. And this is where human fear and greed come in. So after the halving, every single cycle, the price has been flat and it's the shortest season. It's only four to seven months. And the reason it's flat is because the miners go from making money to losing money in one day. And so if they're not selling Bitcoin, some of them still sell Bitcoin. And so what happens is that you think the price would drop if they're selling Bitcoin, but there are other people who are seeing where the cycles go. And they're like, OK, we just passed the halving. This is a good time to buy. And so they're buying it up and not buying it up in a frenzy because they haven't seen, you know, sort of the tipping point of like the new bull market. And so, for example, this cycle, you know, we hit Bitcoin summer the day that it passed the all time high of the prior cycle. That was seventy three thousand eight hundred and fifty. And what's interesting is most cycles, it hit the high for the whole four years at the end of the prior Bitcoin summer. So that would be twenty twenty one. So we hit around sixty seven thousand and change. And what happened this year was you had an anomaly because the pent up demand for the ETFs, it got passed. And all of a sudden, the month prior to the halving, you end up having a new all time high. That was an anomaly. Number of pundits said, oh, that means the seasons are broken. Or the cycles are broken. Or they said, now we're going to have a short cycle because this is the new all time high. And so it'll be over within a year. What they didn't realize. And I wrote about this in the book is that you can't have this cycles high before the halving. That's last cycle. The halving defines the break of the seasons. It's the cycles rather. And so that what that did do was it marked a higher mark for what you have to overcome to be a new all time high. So the twenty one high of twenty sixty seven, we almost got there on the having. It was like sixty went down to the having. And interestingly enough, the having price has been the perfect price of Bitcoin. I call it the Goldilocks price. It's not too hot, not too cold. If you look in a rear view mirror, it is always like it either comes down or comes up to what the fair market price is when you evaluate it later on in terms of like you can clearly see the peak of the bull market is is oversold. And then there's a rather overbought and that the bear market a year later is oversold and comes back to the middle. And so the fair market value, they can calculate that over time. And the having date has always been fair market value. So it was fair market value of twelve dollars in 2012 was fair market value of six hundred and seventy dollars in 2016. It was fair market value of eighty seven hundred in the having of twenty two thousand two thousand twenty and it was sixty four thousand sixty three thousand nine hundred this last cycle. So you can see if that's the fair market value every time it's gone up quite a bit. And but between the cycles, you have wild fluctuations, although less every cycle. After the first having, well, actually, before the first having, you didn't have a having, you had the Genesis block. But the difference between the first stated price of a Bitcoin sold, which was one sale, it was five thousand and fifty Bitcoin. It was sold on PayPal for five dollars. That was Satoshi's intern, Marty Mulcolley. And that was the only sale for months. And but that that counts as the first price of Bitcoin, one tenth of a penny went from one tenth of a penny to thirty dollars two years later. And then it crashed to a dollar. And so that started kind of this fluctuation between you literally went from the first stated price of a Bitcoin sale to the high of three thousand X and then crash. Ninety seven percent after the having having the high first having was one hundred X and then the pullback was eighty five percent. Second, second having was thirty X with six seventy to nineteen thousand eight hundred and then pulled back eighty three percent. And then third having it went up should have got ten X because three thousand one hundred thirty. The kind of path there mathematically, it should have been about ten X. But we had bad macro. We had Biden administration and Gary Gensler and Elizabeth Warren trying to kill everything and driving people out of the U.S. and sort of getting skittish everywhere. And you ended up having a rapid rise in interest rates, which doesn't help for risk assets. And so. Instead of being ten X, we were eight X. I was on a panel around the time and one of the panelists said, oh, I think interest rates are more important to having. I'm thinking if that was the case, then we'd still be at eighty seven hundred dollars. Right. And we're not. So it tamped it down to do eight X. I think most at the classes would be very happy with eight X right in a year. And so that's typically what happened the last time. And so with that model, I projecting that if we keep along the same dynamic, we'll be about three X. So three X from the having puts us at one hundred ninety three thousand. Now, that's with neutral macro. If the bad macro of the economy, tariffs are out of control, blah, blah, blah, means that it outweighs the pro crypto regulatory that we have across all the forms of government right now in the U.S. That means the bad macro mean we'd be under maybe as low as one fifty one sixty. If it was more strong, we could go up another 20 percent. So we could be like maybe two forty for much over two fifty. I'd say that we started the super cycle effect where you're reversing the diminishing returns. I guess what I wanted to ask is how do you determine the fair market value each cycle? Well, fair market value is sort of a concept that I didn't invent. I mean, they track that for stocks and everything. You basically look at a chart and you see, you know, what's overvalued historically, what's undervalued. And when it comes back to the median, that's your fair market value. I am I did some math a long time ago. I don't have the chart here. I was trying to look for it on my phone. But if you take the Fibonacci sequence one, three, five, so on and so forth, you plot that on a logarithmic scale. It's a linear line that goes forty five degrees. And if you plot the Bitcoin price chart around that linear Fibonacci sequence, it oscillates almost perfectly. So this is the this is the fair value if you want to take the Fibonacci sequence. And it goes like this almost perfectly. Fibonacci has been somewhat predictive, but not perfectly. Yeah. And, you know, I'd say that, again, the calendar has been pretty damn predictive because the highs of, you know, there's 13 hundred and eighty four days in a four year cycle. We aren't exactly 48 months. It's been more like 46 months so far. But the high has always been within a 37 day period. That's like, you know, what, three percent or something like that. Yeah. Of the of the of the four years. It's basically always been between the earliest ever been is November 10th. The latest spin has been December 17th of the year after the halving. Right. Might move up a little earlier this time, maybe October. But within that period, that's when you start watching and saying, this is probably when the bubble is going to pop. I've heard people talk about the four year cycle before. And the counter argument has always been, well, that just sounds too easy. Now, if everybody believes in the cycle, we just buy whenever there's a certain calendar and then we sell whenever the certain calendar tells us to sell. You know, is it really that easy? So far, it's been. And the thing is that just because something is predictive and keeps working doesn't mean everybody is going to follow it or believe it. I'm selling May and go away in the stock market has been very reliable for seventy five years. And when I was mainly a stock market investor, I followed it. I sold my whole portfolio in May. You don't have to worry about it during the summer. And I would look to go and rebalance in November. That kept me all in cash during the 2008 crash. I didn't lose anything. And when the member came around, the whole world was still on fire. And I said, you know, I think I'll wait a few more months. And so I was able to get my portfolio back at a much lower cost basis. Could you talk about super cycle? Because that term has been used a lot on Twitter. Yes. So super cycle has been used a number of times over the years. I kind of point out in the book, the history of it, it was first called the Bitcoin and Litecoin super cycle. And then Dan Held had talked about super cycle happening because of covid and reaching eight hundred thousand dollars. Didn't quite happen. But to me, I looked at the super cycle of where the commodities super cycle has been in effect. And this has been established that there's been at least three super cycles. So really, you go all the way back to the Elliott waves. And he actually talked about the grand super cycle, which lasted sometimes like hundreds of years. Right. That's sort of similar to what Ralph Dahlia talks about about empires every five hundred years or so. And so Elliott and Dahlia and a number of other people sort of identified these big epochs. And then within that, you have lower cycles. I mean, there's 80 year cycles, but the super cycle is usually a period of more than five years. It can be a shorter period where there's a fundamental change in the narrative that drives, you know, outsized profitability. And so in the 70s, gold quadrupled. And that was because of a fundamental change in the narrative. Two things happened. Number one, the US went off the gold standard. And number two, Americans were allowed to own gold again, and they've been prohibited since the 1930s. And so the new buyers coming in, new demand, as well as a reason to not, you know, kind of trust the full faith in the American dollar because it was no longer backed by gold, you know, led to a very good strategy. And a number of hedge funds made their careers on that by quadrupling their, you know, their money in less than a decade. In the 90s, you had another super cycle in the commodities market, which is based on China. So in other words, China started buying everything and that up the price of nickel, copper, you name it. And this is considered to be the start of a third super cycle for commodities because of the dollar, because of the dollar, you know, kind of going the way of the end and other places that just had too much debt. Are you familiar with Neil Howe's fourth turning? Yes. So the theory is every while he's looked at this and every 80 years, there's a major crisis. And that's because of generational shifts. We are in that 80th year now. That's right. Give or take the fourth turning is happening. How would you evaluate that? How does that fit into your super cycle thesis? Well, I mean, I think that that's macro. So in other words, you know, Satoshi wrote the paper in 2008, his reason for writing it was, you know, sort of the reaction to the, you know, the great recession, as they call it. And so and then what you're seeing with AI now, you know, which could potentially disrupt everybody's employment, redefine it, you know, similar to like where maybe 80 years ago or 160 years ago, the coming of the industrial age, coming of the information age. I mean, I think there's been more disruption than just every 80 years. But yeah, the 80 year phenomenon, which depending on how you count it, I mean, some people thought that was the change of the 1920s to, you know, 2000. Other ones are like 1940s to now. So, you know, I think there's a little bit of fuzziness in that model in terms of what it actually turns. But, you know, I think that that's sort of that broader cycle within which the so I'm just talking about Bitcoin that has two things around its super cycle. Number one is the fact that you only have five percent of people in the world owning any Bitcoin, and it should, like other disruptive technologies that go mainstream ultimately get to 70, 80, 90 percent, even if some of it's, you know, invisible to the user. I mean, you don't go online anymore, which Internet's like 90 something percent usage if you include Internet through cell phones, which is like over 100 percent usage. People have multiple cell phones, but you don't go into the Internet these days and say, OK, let me make sure I'm connecting to the TCPIP layer. It's it's all invisible. And that will happen with Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. I mean, I see within the next two years, certainly no more than five, you'll be able to take out your iPhone and just like right now you double click to pay for the stored credit card that's in there instead of taking it out and typing it in. You just go double click and it's in there. You will have your stable coins stored and accessible to your iPhone. And, you know, you're not going to put like your life savings in there, but you might put five thousand, ten thousand, twenty thousand dollars and Apple will have insurance in case that gets hacked. But, you know, Apple has been pretty good security just in the right messages. And so they should be able to figure out a way to not have like massive hackings of smaller amounts of crypto. And as people get familiar with paying, you know, when the bill comes paying with crypto, they're going to find that, oh, you know what? This particular vendor says I can pay with credit card and I get the buyer protection, but I have to tack on three point two percent more and more merchants are doing that stable coins, no charge. And, you know, if you're spending a thousand dollars on something, you're saying, do I want to spend another thirty two dollars for the protection or do I want to just, you know, double click my stable coins? And then once you have a wallet with stable coins, I think you're going to find that people start looking at having a checking and a savings account. They're checking account of stable coins, their savings account is Bitcoin. Bitcoin has changed the world. But what if it could do more than just sit in your wallet? Welcome to CoreDAO, the largest Bitcoin DeFi ecosystem. Today's sponsor, Core, has over one million weekly users, five hundred million dollars in total value locked and more than one hundred live projects. Core is the most advanced platform for putting your Bitcoin to work. Core allows you to earn passive yield with no principal risk. In partnership with Maple Finance, Core is proud to introduce LSTBTC Liquid Stake Bitcoin. For the first time, Bitcoin holders can earn sustainable passive yields without giving up custody or taking up excessive risk. LSTBTC transforms Bitcoin into a productive asset. By time locking your BTC using proven on chain mechanics, you unlock new staking rewards while maintaining full transparency and control. Stake Bitcoin and Core together to earn even more thanks to a dynamic dual staking system that rewards deeper participation. This is more than DeFi. It's the bridge between Wall Street and Web3. LSTBTC is designed to power the next generation of Bitcoin ETFs, structured financial products and institutional grade strategies. Bitcoin finally working for you, not financial advice. Visit coredow.org to learn more. Back to this cycle. We had a couple of Bitcoin miners here yesterday and I was asking them. So there is this narrative that they have absolute control over Bitcoin price. Like you were just talking about how if they don't sell right after having, then there is no supply. But they were saying that the first two cycle that made sense because Bitcoin mined every day was a big number. But now it doesn't make sense. Well, this is a smaller number, but that adds to the scarcity. Right. So in other words, if you have more people buying and less inventory to sell, I think that, you know, the numbers still make a difference. Right. And so far, the cycles of fear and greed have continued. Now, again, that may not be for all 33 cycles, probably won't be. I think after the super cycle, you may end up having a change. I think that as we tend to be creeping up in the day of the date of the having because it was I think the Satoshi planned it to be in U.S. presidential years. And so far, it's been that way. But it was November of 2012, July of 2016, May of 2020, April of 2024. At some point, if it keeps on being less than 48 months, you're going to have it be in the year prior to the presidential election. And so that will probably disrupt the fourth quarter because it would be, you know, starting in a prior calendar year. And I think there's tax reasons and a lot of other reasons why, you know, you end up having a peak in the end of the calendar year. But how would that change the cycle? Because if you have an earlier having, you then have an earlier summer. And when it peaks would probably end up being earlier. It's just it's one of many things that would sort of disrupt the way things have been. And we'll see. I mean, I think that we're going to probably still be having having some presidential year elections for probably at least the next three cycles. Because, again, the reason why we moved from like November to July was because in 2016, we had a lot of disruption in mining. That's when some of the Chinese miners shut down and moved to Texas and things like that. And so you had a lot more disruption to do right now because we're only moving it up, you know, one month. I mean, it was like, let's say it was like toppers. It was like four or five months. And then it was like two months. Then it's one month. And, you know, maybe this time it's less than a month. So we may end up having 20, 28, I think, right now, the project either late March, early April. And so the 20, 32, maybe it's like, you know, still in March and, you know, the one after that. So it may be another three, four, five cycles. You know, five cycles is 20 years. And in 20 years, we will be at over 99 percent of the Bitcoin already distributed. And we will have the scarcity, not just a little bit less than gold, but it's going to be like what less than point one percent. With a lot more usage, I mean, one of the analysis that I use is. When you had the S curve of adoption happen with cell phones or you had it with the Internet, a lot of companies got really big and rich because they served the demand of all these new customers, right? You had like Dell building laptops, you had Microsoft making software, you had Cisco making servers and it was bull market. Well, while you were doubling your market share, right? You know, go from five percent to 10 percent to 20 percent of people on the Internet and not a lot of competition. You can't do that with Bitcoin miners. They can't mine any more than 450 a day. And they may be able to take a higher amount of market share. But again, that's only 450 a day. That has to be 225 a day. That has to be 110 a day. That has to be 55 a day, you know, at some point, you know, I mean, even in the next 20 years, you're going to be well under 100 a day. And yet the demand, you know, might be four, five, six times what it is today. And you can't go and just simply say, oh, we're going to build a company to make more Bitcoin. No more Bitcoin is found underground. No more Bitcoin is being found on Mars. It's you know, the monetary policy is in code for the next, you know, hundred and something years, one hundred and twenty five years or one hundred fifteen years, twenty one forty. When people say altcoin season is not coming back this time, what would you say to them? They don't know what they're talking about. So Bitcoin maxis have for a long time said, yes, all altcoins are, you know, frauds. And now the gig is up. They're all going to zero. Ethereum is going to zero. Solana is going to zero. It's all going to zero. That's just not in reality. In fact, it's surprising that Bitcoin is still at like 64, 65 percent dominance with the fact that the other 35 percent includes stable coins. So stable coins are a much higher percentage of the altcoins now, and they're going to continue to grow. And but, you know, I mean, even meme coins with everything that says going to go to zero are still pretty popular. And so altcoin season quite interesting. Every cycle you've had new entrants actually oftentimes not get in Bitcoin first. They get into altcoins first. Right. In twenty twenty one, Robin Hood, a public company, had, you know, in its quarterly earnings report that they had a big jump in their earnings from crypto. Sixty percent of the crypto traded was Dogecoin. It was more than Ethereum and Bitcoin and Solana combined. Actually, Solana wasn't anything back then. And so we may see a repeat of that where, you know, so far early on, you know, a lot of new entrants are meme coins are in, you know, other small things because a lot of new retail looks at Bitcoin and say, I can't afford a hundred thousand dollars, but I can afford a million of these Shiba Inu coins. And, you know, they're just going to hope that they go up 100 X and, you know, she knows it's going to go to a dollar. If we went to dollar, it'd be bigger than Bitcoin. Right. And I've worked with the Shiba Inu team. And so I think if people understand that, like, particularly if they're younger, you know, you're 18, 20 years old, you know, you're probably going to live another 60 years, maybe 80 years, 100 years of life extension keeps going up. What's Bitcoin to be worth then? Right. So if you can go in and figure out how to get one Bitcoin over the next 10 years, they can be worth 20 million dollars in 20 years, 30 years, certainly by the time you're retired. And that will definitely outpace inflation by a lot. Whereas these other things have great risks. So when you say altcoin season and we're in summer, so I would assume that altcoin season is going to happen soon because we're in summer. Correct. And usually altcoin season peaks a little bit after Bitcoin peaks. So in other words, in, you know, the big ICO bull market and this last time, you know, Bitcoin peaked in December of 2017. I think Ethereum peaked in like January or February. Alt's pretty much peaked in other alt's peaked in January. And so usually there's a little bit of a lag because and again, I think institutions may change this a little bit because they don't really trade alt's. At least the smaller ones. So it's more of a retail phenomenon. But, you know, a lot of the whales, too, and the whales still control more than the institutions. Right. A lot of the whales will just simply look and say, oh, you know, if they're not perma holders that never trade, they'll look and say, you know, I've got a great life. I'm like, you know, I've got like 100 million dollars of Bitcoin and I don't want to really sell any. But like, I'll take a little off the top at the end of the cycle and then buy it back at the bottom, which is what I advocate. But a lot of times what they'll do is they'll go in, sell Bitcoin and then pump an altcoin with that and then sell that. And then, you know, maybe pump a meme quite at the end of the thing and then just sit back, hold the cash for a year and then wait for capitulation. They buy back in. So you have heard this theory so many times, but in reality, it's so hard to execute. Not really. I mean, I showed how to do that in the book. I mean, you know, obviously it's better if you have, you know, an army of algorithmic traders working with you. And I do have a fund called the Bitcoin Supercycle Genesis Fund that's, you know, going to be coming to market in a couple of weeks. Wow. And it's for credit investors. But basically, I've got a team of, you know, algo programmers that I've worked with. And so they'll go and do algorithmic programming within the whole four years. And there's other companies that do this, but most liquid funds, hedge funds after fees do not outperform Bitcoin sitting in your wallet. Right. Because they do it. They take their fees in cash. They take their percentage in cash. And if Bitcoin just normally goes up, you know, you're paying 20 percent of what would normally go up. Maybe they're beating it, but are they beating it by more than 20 percent every year? Right. And so we're looking at beating it by doing what something almost nobody does, which is selling almost everything at the top and then buying it back at the bottom. So historically, how would you know if you're at the top? Again, you look at the calendar, you look at a number of other things that discuss the book, which is like you look on chain. Yeah, you can see when the whales are selling. You look at sentiment. There's like about 20 different factors, but you're never going to pick the exact day, although I have known really good traders who did pick the exact day and sold everything on December 17th of 2017. I know two traders that did that and other ones that sold, you know, in early November and picked the day or within a couple of days. But I recommend dollar cost averaging out once it gets into that range where you're like over 90 percent fear and greed on the greed side when you can see whales have started to sell. And so if you dollar cost averaged out over the last four halvings, if you went and at the very first having. You you spend twelve thousand seven hundred dollars, right? This is a small investor for most investors, beer money. And you just bought it and held it forever. You're you have a thousand Bitcoin today. That's twelve thousand dollar investment is worth one hundred and seven million. Pretty good investment. Right. However, if you went and held Bitcoin for three years and held cash for one. So you went in dollar cost averaged at the top. So the first cycle you went to been able to divide the high price over twelve hundred dollars, but you would have gotten out around a thousand. Right. So all of a sudden you've had your twelve dollar Bitcoin. You sold it for a thousand and then you hold the cash. It dropped all the way down to one hundred and seventy one. You probably weren't going to buy it that day, but you had several months afterwards. You could have gotten back in for around two hundred fifty. So now all of a sudden you have four thousand Bitcoin. You hold that for three years and went up to nineteen thousand eight thirty. You know, you probably weren't going to sell on that exact day. All there is reasons to do that because that was the day they announced the futures. It was solid news. But, you know, you could have pretty easily gotten out around sixteen thousand and then held that cash. It dropped down for a year. It dropped out of thirty two hundred. Not saying you would have picked the bottom. You had several months. You could have gotten in around four thousand. Now you have sixteen thousand Bitcoin. So basically you would have been able to go for X, for X, for X this last time, a little less than for X. But you have about sixty thousand Bitcoin. So now your twelve thousand dollar investment isn't worth one hundred and seven million. It's worth about five billion. And so by the end of the cycle, be worth over 10 billion, which is an extraordinary return. Can you tell us about just a little bit more about the objective of your fund, the Bitcoin fund that's coming out? If you believe, if one were to believe that Bitcoin is going to keep going up because of these cycles, why not just buy and hold? Are you trying to outperform Bitcoin? Yes. OK, so that's the Bitcoin. Bitcoin is basically a new market benchmark. It's like the S&P. Yeah. And you're going to do that by timing cycles or are you going to do that by buying alts that will outperform Bitcoin? No alts. OK. Also too risky. Right. Bitcoin is the least risky crypto investment. It has an almost zero percent chance of going to zero at this point. Whereas every alt can go to zero, including Ethereum. If you look at Bitcoin price and it goes to the range like your prediction, what could tell you we still have a big way to go or do you just sell then? Well, again, dollar cost averaging. And so I'm always keeping a little bit of a moon bag, so I probably won't sell 100 percent because, you know, you never know if this time the cycle might be a little longer. Last time I probably kept more than I should have because there was a big piece of the narrative that said that a number of pundits and YouTubers were saying we're going to have an elongated cycle. It's not going to be a fourth quarter. It's going to be it's going to be May. And it wasn't. It was fourth quarter again. So it's just follow the calendar. Follow the calendar, but look at the look at the at the metrics. You look at you look on chain and you look at, you know, again, five or six things that I follow to sort of decide whether it's actually, you know, repeating what it's supposed to do. Well, Michael, tell us about your 2033 prediction, I believe you told the street you had a big rally coming up for us for Bitcoin by 2033. What's your prediction for the next eight years out? Sure. So 2029 will be the year after the next having and I think we'll be around a half a million. Yeah. And then 2033 is I think when we hit a million. OK, now if we have a super cycle, we can hit before that. But I think you'd have to hit it in the years after the you're not going to hit it during a down year. What point does Bitcoin overtake gold in market cap, which is 14 trillion dollars? That's a moving target. Right. So actually, gold, I think, is actually quite a bit higher than 14 trillion. Oh, yes, it is. Yeah, that was that was that was last year. So I think it's almost 20 trillion. It is. It is. So a million dollars is 20 trillion. Right. So if gold stays around 3500, you need to go to a million. If, say, in eight years, gold is six thousand, seven thousand, certainly could double by then. Then you'd have to be two million. Is there a macro case for Bitcoin to replace gold as a de facto treasury asset, not just for companies, but for central banks? Yes. So if you look at, you know, they talked years ago about Ethereum replacing Bitcoin because they never got too close, but they were heading in that direction. Right. So during the ICO craze of 2017, most of it was built on Ethereum. So we were needing to buy a lot of Ethereum and Bitcoin went down to its low point ever in terms of dominance was like around 35 percent. And the theory was up, I think, around 20 something percent. So they're saying they're calling it the flippening when Ethereum market cap would flip Bitcoin. And then after that, I really think of Ethereum as the major asset. Bitcoin would go down. Ethereum would go up. Never came close to happening. I think he'd say the same thing. Be true of gold. Right. So in other words, if by definition, gold is worth more globally, sorry, Bitcoin is worth more globally than gold. And it's heading in the direction of increasing its lead. I think that you would look and say, you know, this is, you know, I think it was was it the John Paul Tudor Jones that said, you know, Bitcoin is the fastest source in the race. And he's the guy that really was the hedge fund that made the most on gold in the 70s. He's like, this is the new gold. And so he's not buying a lot of gold. He's buying a lot of Bitcoin. And so I think that if you also look generationally, ask your average 25 year old if you needed to go and put half your savings, life savings in gold or Bitcoin, which would you do? Bitcoin. Exactly. And so those are the people that are 25 now at some point, they're going to be the top earners at 45. Do you think it's always a good time to buy Bitcoin? No, I think it's not a good time to buy Bitcoin when the bubble popped, because then you're going to go and just watch it go down, down, down, down. That's a good time to short Bitcoin. Can I just hold it because I know it's going to come back? Absolutely. In fact, if you hold it, the good news is that it'll probably be higher four years later. But if you didn't buy it and you wait until the bottom of the market, you know, it's only a year, you would have been able to buy two, three, four times as much. Do you generally agree with this general statement? And last question for me, churn rate of investors or traders, the lower it is, the better you are. Could you repeat that one? The churn rate of your of your trades lower, lower it is. In other words, the lower the frequency of trading, generally speaking, the better off you'll be. Generally speaking, yes. On the other hand, if you've got good algos that outperform the fees, then, you know, I mean, you know, my fund is going to trade as much as the algo it says to. It's not going to be doing 30 trades a day. It might go a couple of days without a trade. But if it says things are heading south, it's going to sell. It's not going to sell the whole portfolio for the average investor who is an investor. You know, the safest thing if you just don't have a job, you just want to basically just have something that you think is going to set it and forget it by Bitcoin. Never look at it. And, you know, a lot of people do that and they're going to hand it over to the grandkids. On the other hand, if you want to work about a couple of weeks every four years, it's not that big of a job. Right. I mean, they say, you know, if you're a stock market investor, I think Jim Kramer said you need to spend one hour per week on each stock you own. Right. That's a lot. And but, you know, with Bitcoin, you know, literally, you only have to pay attention about like, you know, twice every four years. A lot of young people watch our show. Some encouragement. Maybe they don't own Bitcoin yet. But anything you want to say to them? Sure. It's not too late. I mean, I think it's a given now that we're going to be at a million dollars. That means we're only ten cents on the dollar. We're going to be in about eight years. And so and I show in the book how you could go in and start with just one Bitcoin and be close to 100 Bitcoin in like 20 years. And so if you're a young person, you got multiple 20 year periods ahead of you. Read the book. Absolutely. Where can we find this book? So Bitcoin Supercycle, distributed by Simon & Schuster. Easiest way to find is on Amazon. OK. Read this book and follow Michael Turpin. So that's the I'm at Michael Turpin. T-E-R-P-I-N on Twitter. That is the takeaway from this interview. Thank you so much for coming to show. Thank you. Absolutely. Thank you.