 He is the co-founder of Tether. That the first generation stable coins have is who gets the yield. It's these centralized entities that are capturing all the yield and it's extremely lucrative and extremely profitable. The promise of Web3 is that the people who contribute to the ecosystem, the people that use the product, should reap the rewards and the benefits. We have the infrastructure now for the community to reap all of the rewards. The solution is to strip the yield, give it to the mentor, and then spend the principal. Because the principal is also Genesat compliant, it's not a security. The yield NFT is the security. That's what stablecoin 2.0 is. Because a lot of challenges with Web3 projects is that there's a lot of whales. It's either the founders or the investors. And then they have to sell into that community and it impacts the price. Well, we've created a really elegant solution to that. The most important guy in crypto is sitting next to me. He is the co-founder of Tether, ladies and gentlemen. Reeve Collins, he's also the co-founder and chairman of STBL and Wi-Fi. A lot to talk about. Thank you for being here. Absolutely, thank you for having me. You know what is crazy to me is in crypto, we have been using stablecoins for a long time. And then institutions are just catching up. And then we're like, yeah, we've been doing this for a long time. But you are looking at us and be like, well, when I started, it wasn't even a category, which is crazy to me. What was the story like? How do you even come up with the concept that I'm going to put the dollar on chain? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, if you go back 10 plus years to 2013, when we first had this concept. So back then, there was just a couple of cryptocurrencies, Bitcoin, Litecoin, Dogecoin, I mean, just a handful. And Bitcoin was this fascinating new type of foreign currency. But it was based in code, right? So people didn't really understand it, but it was this new currency. But what was really interesting was how it moved. It moved globally instantly and for free. And so while not a lot of people wanted to trade Bitcoin, the utility, the functionality of it was pretty incredible. And so that's where the idea came up. It's like, oh, let's put the dollar on the blockchain. Let's enable dollars, euros, yen to move globally instantly and for free. Wouldn't that be amazing? Wouldn't it be amazing if anyone in the world could get a dollar that didn't have a bank account? And so that really was the impetus of it. And so back in 2013, we kind of had the idea, really launched it in 2014. And the first real use cases, and obviously there wasn't a name stablecoin. I don't even know when that category came out. Probably not even until 2015 or 16 when people actually started saying, oh, it's a stablecoin. But we created USDT and the exchanges used it at first because they're the ones that really needed to move money. So they moved money amongst them. Then the traders used it because they wanted a stable pair to trade Bitcoin against. And then eventually it started, more and more people started using it because it was a better way to move money. So that's the quick history of the origin of it. And now today, that concept, the ability to move money globally instantly and for free, has become the foundation of the entire cryptocurrency ecosystem. And finally, now that the regulatory winds are at our back and the road is being paved, the institutions are finally getting involved. They're like, all right, yes, this is much more efficient. This is much better technology to move our money with. So let's figure out how to play in this world. It feels like I'm watching a documentary on the history of this thing, but you are the main actor in it. And you are, I'm imagining you just said we decided or we planned, do you sit at a dinner table and be like, we want to move money freely? How does that work? I'm trying to imagine. The idea came up and then I was the CEO. So I'm the co-founder and CEO. I really led the charge in the beginning. I had two co-founders at the time, the main co-founders there was Brock Pierce and Craig Sellers. And then some principals from Bitfinex got involved and then they eventually took it over. And we sold that company to them. And then really call it 2017 when the ICO boom hit the world. That's when Tether really took off. But those guys are really responsible for the meteoric rise of Tether. We put it all together, built all the technology, but the real momentum didn't start until 2017 on. Because that's when the world really was ready for it. Because now a thousand new coins hit the scene with the advent of the ICO. So, yeah, it was an extraordinary contribution to the ecosystem to deliver the stablecoin. And now today, what's next? What are the big issues with stablecoins? There's two main issues. The main one or the first one is the backing. So a lot of the FUD that you hear, a lot of the issues is like, oh, is Tether really backed? Do these stablecoins really have the money in the bank to back them? And so we've solved that with stablecoin 2.0. So all the collateral now can be on chain because treasuries back the majority of stablecoins. But now that treasuries are tokenized, you can now use a tokenized treasury to back the stablecoin. Now that it's tokenized, it's on chain. So now we have the ability to have 100% of the collateral on chain. So you have transparency 24-7 knowing that the collateral is there and it matches the amount of stablecoin in circulation. Secondly, the other challenge that the first generation stablecoins have is who gets the yield? It's these centralized entities that are capturing all the yield. And it's extremely lucrative and extremely profitable because they're just sitting on your money while you use it. And that's also why all the institutions, that's why everyone's launching a stablecoin because there's a lot of profit to be made. But we need to fix that because the promise of Web 3 is that the people who contribute to the ecosystem, the people that use the product, should reap the rewards and the benefits because we now have the technology to do that. That technology is wallets and tokens. And so in a Web 3 company that has a token where the value from that community should accrue to, well, that's what stablecoin 2.0 is. It enables the community to reap the rewards because now when you put that collateral on chain and you mint the stablecoin, we strip the yield into a second token. And now that community member, the person who put the money into there, he's the one that gets the yield. And then a small fee goes to the ecosystem, which then goes into the token. And so with this decentralized technology of STBL, we have the infrastructure now for the community to reap all of the rewards. Earlier you were talking about tokenized T-bills. Why can't all the larger issuers do that already? Well, so this is why we've coined stablecoin 2.0 that solve these two issues, putting the collateral on chain and giving the yield to the users because STBL might not be the company that wins in the end. I firmly believe it will because we're the first. But I believe it's a movement that we've created because now that all the collateral can be on the chain, like you just said, why aren't they doing it? I believe they will. And now that we have a mechanism to provide yield to the users in a genius at compliant way, that's probably too much detail for this. But in a very compliant ways, I believe everyone will also do that, because if you're a user and you want to put money in the system, you might as well get rewarded for it. And you might as well have complete transparency of the backing. So I think that these tenants will be what is the future of stablecoins. I think other companies have to be fast followers. I think what you're referring to is one of the rules that the yield should not be shared to the users in the genius act. Is that what you're referring to? So yes, the genius act does not allow for yield bearing stablecoins. Right. So yield bearing stablecoins were the first solution to how do you share yield with users? There's two challenges with the yield bearing stablecoin. One, it's a security and two, it's non-compliant in the US when the genius act rolls out. But three, and most importantly, it becomes an investment. Now you're earning two or three percent on your cash, but you have to sit on it. You have to sit on that stablecoin and earn it. Wouldn't you rather be able to earn that yield and spend the stablecoin? Right. Because if you mint it right now, let's say you give ten thousand dollars of USDC. Well, USDC, the company is making the yield on your ten grand while you're spending it. But instead of allowing USDC to be the issuer, why don't you mint the ten thousand dollars of USST and you keep the yield? So now you keep the yield and spend it. And so that's why the yield bearing stablecoin isn't the solution. The solution is to strip the yield, give it to the mintor and then spend the principal. Because the principal is also genius act compliant. It's not a security. The yield NFT is the security. Can I know what is the difference between this design and Athena? I know that their yield is from different strategies. Of course, it's very different, but the layered token concept, is that the same? No. So when we started stable, everyone's like, why are you doing another stablecoin? Because there's lots of stablecoins right now. So unless you do something significantly different and at least ten times better, then there's no point in joining a me too movement. Right. So that's why we've evolved the stablecoin. And so it's not like Athena. Athena is a great company. The way they generate yield is super unique and novel and powerful. But still, it's a yield bearing stablecoin. You get the yield by holding the token. We split the yield until you get to spend it. So our yield is generated from treasuries and money market funds within the US for the genius act compliant portion. And then non US, we're a stablecoin infrastructure. We have a product called ESS, which is ecosystem specific stablecoin, which is a fancy word for a white label stablecoin. So we offer institutions and governments and large organizations the ability to mint their own stablecoin. OK. And the reason why that's so powerful is because then they get to choose the backing. So Athena has its yield bearing or yield mechanisms. Our genius act compliant is backed by treasuries and money market funds. But if you're in the rest of the world and you don't want to use treasuries, you want to use like credit or different types of assets to back it, you can get five to 10 percent instead of two to four percent. And it's still just as safe and just as liquid, but it's just higher yielding. So in the future, these big corporations or people are minting can utilize other RWAs as backing for this collateral for the stablecoin. Because another big narrative right now is RWAs. All these traditional assets are coming on chain. But when they come on chain, they're still the same as the traditional asset. They just have the characteristics of being on chain, you know, a lot more liquid, easier to use, available 24 seven, et cetera. But it's still the same. However, being on chain now increases the utility of it, meaning if there's more utility, that means more yield. And the main way to increase the utility of an RWA is by utilizing it as backing for a stablecoin. So that using RWAs as backing in the case of a stablecoin is going to be the killer app, the killer use case for especially on chain treasuries and other high quality assets that are being tokenized. So that's going to drive more and more traditional assets to be tokenized is because they can be used as collateral for stablecoins. We have a lot of different stablecoins already, but I think it feels like people are more used to the ones that are being backed by very liquid. And of course, they say cash or short term T bills. I'm trying to picture this world where my stablecoin is being backed by real estate, a piece of real estate or whatever in Dubai, then I would not feel as secure. Yes, it's a great point. But there's a wide range of RWAs coming on chain between T bills and real estate. But let's use your example of real estate. I believe in the future at some point, there will be baskets backing the stablecoins. And so let's say you have a million dollars worth of real estate and you're sitting on its tokenized, maybe the LTV, the loan to value, maybe you can get 20% of it as backing for stablecoin. It's a massive haircut. So you put a million dollars in there like, oh, we'll give you $200,000 worth of credit. And there'll be a lot of mechanisms to ensure that's very liquid. So those type of structures will be coming in the future. And you will be comfortable. You're like, OK, fine. Yes, it's backed by this massive basket. But here's a lot of math that proves that those assets are liquid enough to ensure that the stablecoin is backed. So it's not an algorithmic stablecoin. Oh, yeah. It has hard asset backing with just different formulas for how much of that asset you can use to back the stablecoin. Should we come up with different names for different types of stablecoins? Because for a lot of newbies that come into crypto, they're like, oh, it's all called stablecoin. So the risk behind it should be the same. But it's not. But there are different names. So stablecoin is a category. But there's asset-backed stablecoins. And there's algorithmic stablecoins. And there's hybrids and delta-neutral hedging strategy stablecoins, which is Athena. So there are lots of different ways to back the stablecoin. And the user gets to decide what makes the most sense for him. And this is where, in the future, large institutions and companies and enterprises, they will have their own money. They will issue their own branded currency. And their ecosystem will be comfortable with whatever backing that that company is putting out there. Because that company is going to guarantee that the backing is always redeemable one-to-one to the dollar. And that company might back it with something specific that makes sense to them, because they have a community that trusts them and will use that as a currency. And if it's built on top of STBL, that means that they've minted USST. And so when it's in their ecosystem, it will be backed specifically by their backing and follow their rules. But only that ecosystem might accept that stablecoin. But if that user wants to take it out, they can instantly swap it for USST and then spend that everywhere else. Earlier, you were talking about how stablecoin issuers, their margin sounds like it's going slimmer compared to what it used to be, how they trap all the revenue, right? But that is the reason why traditional finance are talking about stablecoin issuers is because they make crazy amount of money. They are attracted to that. But what happens when it becomes something that is, in their view, less profitable? I don't know if it's necessarily because they make crazy amounts of money, right? That the massive ones do because they have massive amounts of money that's generating still a very low amount of yield proportionately. But it's the power. And all these big companies are interested in it because of the utility. Like moving from fiat or from cash into stablecoin rails enables you to move money globally instantly for free. It enables you to move money to everyone, anyone who wants to opt into this type of system. It's a much more efficient way to move money. So if you think about the future and where we're going, because a lot of people think, well, what if stablecoins is a stablecoin going to replace the dollar? The stablecoin is a dollar. It's just formatted differently, right? So stablecoins are still backed by fiat currency. Fiat currency will always have its place in this world. It's just that this is a more efficient and better way to move that fiat currency. It's just like prior to sending emails, you wrote a letter. Pretty inefficient. Now sending emails. Super efficient. Prior to stablecoins, you used the bank. Pretty inefficient. For some countries, really inefficient or not even accessible, right? But now you have blockchain, which is super efficient. Now that the large institutions can utilize blockchain technology because of regulation, they will. I believe that as much fiat money, as much traditional money that can flow into stablecoins, it will because these big companies would like to push all of their money into their brand of stablecoin because it creates more profit, as you said, but also a lot more efficiencies and ease of use and utility for them. Companies like Walmart or big retail companies, they are exploring their own stablecoin. But I am guessing this is my assumption that they want to trap the value within their own ecosystem. For example, if you get paid in their own stable, then maybe I can use that stable to pay for ad services, for example. Is this assumption correct? Are we heading to a world where every large company has their own stablecoin, but then the liquid aspect of stablecoin is gone if everyone has their own little ecosystem? It's an excellent observation, and I couldn't agree with you more that all large companies are going that way. I believe for sure that these companies are going to start issuing their own stablecoins because yes, right now, let's use Walmart as an example, tens of billions of dollars flow through the Walmart ecosystem. They pay people globally around the world, suppliers, vendors, customers, everything, all this money flows around, but it's cash. Walmart not only doesn't earn any money on that cash, they pay a lot of fees to move that cash, especially if they need to exchange it into different currencies around the world. If they could just create Walmart coin backed by dollars and every vendor in the world accepted it, think of the efficiencies they would have. Not only the efficiencies, in addition, the fact that now that Walmart coin is, there's tens of billions of dollars of Walmart and people are using the token, now they're getting yield interest on that tens of billions of dollars of Walmart coin. Your next question was, okay, now if that ecosystem has its own currency and this one has its own currency and this one has its own currency, there will be clearing houses to make those interchangeable and swappable and fungible, right? And what's going to make those transactions easy? Because this all sounds complicated, right? Blockchain and crypto and stablecoins and the 25 different L1s out there, it is complicated. Do you want USDT on Ethereum or on TAN? People don't need to know that stuff in the future because AI is going to run the transactions for them. And so if there's hundreds of different stablecoins and you've got Walmart coin and I've got Amazon coin, like we're not going to care. All I care about is I get a dollar's worth of value and you get a dollar's worth of value and the AI is going to do all of that interchange and all the complex stuff in the background. Like it's not going to matter what's under the hood. So what I'm seeing is the same thing, but just underneath the surface, it's different companies. Because all you're going to care about is moving some value to someone, doing a transaction. You're not going to care which blockchain or which token or which anything. Everyone cares about it now for two reasons. This past decade, people have made so much money on the infrastructure. Do you think anyone really cares how an L1 blockchain works? No, it's super complicated. It's the most complicated areas of finance and cryptography that there is. No one cares, except for they want to invest in it because they see people making lots of money. So now they want to understand it. No one understands how an email works and no one cares because no one's making money. If you're making a ton of money on HTTP and DCIP and all that stuff, you might want to understand how it works, but no one's making money, so they don't care. This is the exact same thing, but everyone cares because there's tokens and they're making money. But now it's been a decade that that infrastructure is being laid. We're finally getting to the application layer where more and more people are now going to compare, are going to care about the transactions and not necessarily which chain it goes on. And so I see, I think a lot of the focus will be on real world use cases on top of blockchains. And at the moment, it's the movement of money, but soon there'll be more and more and more use cases being built on top of it. For instance, Wi-Fi is the evolution of banking. So in the beginning, there's banking and there's Neo banking, which is banking without a storefront. It's just online banking. And now there's on-chain banking. And there's a lot of companies offering on-chain banking services. So what makes it unique? Well, Wi-Fi is unique in the sense that it's delivering on the promise of Web3 because it's driven by a token. And this token rewards all of the community members. So when they transact and utilize the financial services that Wi-Fi provides, all those fees get recycled back into that token and that community is rewarded. And we've created a really unique structure where all of the tokens are owned by the community because a lot of challenges with Web3 projects is that there's a lot of whales to either the founders or the investors, and then they have to sell into that community and it impacts the price. Well, we've created a really elegant solution to that where that token is only generated and given to the community. And then there's equity value. So the equity value gets paid for delivering world-class financial services. The community gets paid for using the world-class financial services. And so that's what enables our financial services to be differentiated from someone else's because ours is much more community-oriented. And when they're utilizing it, the token value goes up and they're all the beneficiary owners of that token. And so this is truly a company that creates these financial services for its community. Can I know the difference between this and other Web3 banks that are competing crazily out there right now? They have their own token and they offer on-chain financial services as well. There has to be something that is special. One, a lot of these neobanks or even some of these other on-chain banks, if they don't have their token, then the community doesn't really get much of reward. If they do have a token, we are the only ones where the community is the only one that has the token. A hundred percent of that token value stays within the community and all of the fees and everything reward those token holders because they're contributing, they're using the financial services. There's equity holders. So we have two ecosystems. And the reason why it's so important for the equity holders is the equity holders get their value by creating world-class financial services. When we create great financial services and more people use it, then the equity is worth more. When more people use it, the token is worth more. So we've actually created a very synergistic flywheel that rewards the people that should be rewarded, which are the founders and the investors, as well as the community. Because in the past and until now, the community is never rewarded. The community is typically rewarded with the utilization of a product. Think about Facebook or any traditional product, like a company. The users of it get entertainment value, get some utility, get something out of it, but they don't get financially rewarded. That's what we've finally solved. And we've solved it in a very elegant manner where both the equity is worth something and the tokens are worth something without any whales trying to sell into the community. I think you just brought up something really interesting. So when I explain these tokens to beginners, a lot of times I use this analogy of a startup or a new company or a tech company and owning the token means you're owning a piece of it. But you brought up the equity side and the token side. Now, can I dumb it down for me? If the equity goes up, does that equal to the token should go up as well? It depends on why the equity goes up. So the equity in a company like this would go up the larger the community is. The larger the community is, the more the token goes up. So that's a synergistic flywheel. And traditionally, a lot of companies, if the token goes up and the founders and investors own 50% of the tokens and it goes up, they're going to start selling and selling and selling. And they have massive amounts of float to sell. In this instance, it's all the community holders. And there's no one that was given 10, 20, 30, 40, 50% of the token. I'm not saying these other models don't work at all. But in this instance, it's just a really elegant solution. Because in a lot of those other models, there is no equity value. It's just token value. So I'm not discount because Stable is all about the token value. Right? And me as a founder of Stable, I have tokens. Right? And so you still can do it responsibly. But with Wi-Fi, it's a really elegant solution where you can have this services business, where you're providing financial services. And how do you compete with other people that are providing financial services? Is you have a token that truly rewards the community without fear of whales dumping. Is this going to be like a parallel system to the financial traditional banking system? Or do you see everybody moving towards that direction? 100% I see everyone moving towards that direction. Because what that direction is, is simply financial services done in a hybrid manner. Meaning, again, all you want to do is transact in USD or some other currency or whatever it is that you might want to transact in or crypto. But you want to go to one place and have all those things. And so soon, large traditional financial institutions will enable you to transact with crypto. Soon, I don't know when. But like the really large ones might take a very long time. But I know for a fact, very soon, there'll be a lot of financial institutions that enable you to transact with dollars or with crypto. And for instance, Wi-Fi will also allow you to transact with fiat currency. Think about what a stablecoin is. It's a token backed by a dollar that moves on the blockchain. Soon, that's going to be reversed. You're going to have a dollar backed by a token. And so that dollar will still move on the blockchain. Because now the token is going to be what moves. But you're going to see a dollar in your account. It's just going to move on a blockchain. Whereas before, you saw a token in your account that moved on a blockchain. And so once you got that token, you had to convert it to a dollar if you wanted to. That's soon going to switch where you're just going to get a dollar. And even though it moved on a blockchain, you don't care. You just wanted the dollar. How is the traditional, like the SWIFT system or Visa MasterCard reacting to this? I mean, I feel they're all much more open to exploring it and trying to figure out how to best participate in it. Those massive traditional companies, they have so many layers of regulation and then bureaucracy. They're just slow, slow moving beasts by design because of how they've evolved over the decades. So it's very hard for them to be innovative. So they can be disruptive. But all of them do have departments dedicated towards crypto and trying to figure out a strategy and trying to figure out how to participate. Look at PayPal. It's not this old financial institution, but they actually rolled out a stablecoin. Even though they rolled out a stablecoin with all of their adoption and everything, it's still struggling to get real utilization. There's a number of reasons for that that we won't get into, but it's just a great example that they're really leaning in. And Visa, MasterCard, Amix, all of them have announced initiatives in the crypto space. So they're all trying to figure out how to stay relevant because they can easily be replaced if they're not. They already have all the relationships, the networks. Can't they just come up with something and take over the whole market? They're trying. But it's not really happening. And I'm just wondering why. I think you underestimate when I say layers of bureaucracy and layers of regulation, how stifling that is to innovation. So it's not that they don't want to. It's not that they don't have super smart people in there. It's just they have a lot of obstacles that startup companies don't. But on the flip side, they have tons of money and tons of customers that startup companies don't. So who's going to win that race? We'll see. I don't know. When you talk about this, it's more like a vision and you seem like you can see very far ahead of future. But if we talk about what's happening now with all the bills, legislation, all the boring stuff, what do you think when people say stablecoin is the US government trying to save its debt problem? Stablecoin is a big category. Right. And is the proliferation of this category and the fact that there is now a new category, a new customer to the US government, that customer is stablecoin issuers. That's why the US government said it has to be genius act compliant, meaning you can only back a stablecoin by US dollars. And so anyone who wants to operate a stablecoin that's accepted in the US will be backed by US dollars. But I also believe stablecoins, the rest of the world, will be backed by other things as well because they're higher yielding, other types of financial instruments. And is the government trying to solve its debt? I don't think it can solve all its problems just because there's one extra customer buying a couple of hundred billion dollars of treasuries. Their problem, it's great and it's a step in the right direction. And it's great to see the government leaning in and paying a lot of attention to it. But I mean, I can't even comment. It's such a complex issue to solve. But I think it's just an excellent use case for treasuries. That's for sure. And the backing is going to expand beyond that as well. What do you say to countries that are so not ready and so far behind when it comes to stablecoins? That it's coming and that a large percentage of their population in those countries are utilizing them in some way or shape or form and maybe a large percentage of their populations overstating it. I always get asked how big is the market, how many people are using stablecoins and crypto. And to me, everybody. But I know that that's not true. Right. I just kind of wish it was and in my world it seems like it because that's where I exist. But as the ease of use and access to crypto and stablecoins, and this is what WIFI is trying to drive, trying to create a really elegant, easy to use for end users solution to crypto and better banking experience, as that becomes more and more common, more and more people will utilize it. And those countries, their regulations ideally will catch up. I have a question when it comes to smaller African countries with crazy inflation, what they do is they try to trap their own currency inside their own system. What happens if stablecoin is so common, these very weak currencies, do they just all of a sudden disappear and everyone start using stronger currencies? Well, let's put it this way. If it was up to the citizens of those countries, then yes, their local government's currency would disappear. If it's up to the government, they're going to fight to the death to not allow that to happen. So it just depends on how good they are at stifling that revolution. But all they can do is try to put a lid on it and they can't stop it. And the people are going to figure out ways around it because they're going to want a more stable currency. And that's what's driven a lot of the global adoption for stablecoins is because the invention of the stablecoin democratized access to US dollars. A lot of the countries that you're talking about would love US dollars. They never had the ability to have access to them before. And now they do simply with an Internet connection. And so for the government to truly shut that down, very hard. Some of the countries are exploring stablecoin that is within their own country. It's not like a US dollar stablecoin where it's free flowing. Sometimes it's due to the culture, it's due to policy. How does that change? When you picture the future and the landscape of stablecoin, do we get different stablecoins in all different countries? Some are open, some are closed. How does that work? I believe that there'll be lots and lots and lots of flavors of stablecoins. And again, there'll be some clearinghouse where those stablecoins can be exchanged. Unless it's a country that says, because it's also programmable, that country might say, no, this token cannot be swapped or exchanged or used in anything other than these white listed wallets. So it's really going to depend on the policy and the rules put in place for that particular token. I am very curious. How do you look at the world? Because you're always so early on things. Which isn't always a good thing. Sometimes you're too early. But I will say I look at it with a slightly optimistic view. We can all be optimistic or pessimistic, and I'm an entrepreneur at heart. And to be an entrepreneur and to start businesses, you just have to believe they're going to work. And if you're pessimistic, you probably aren't going to believe the crazy ideas are actually going to work. And so when you ask, how do I view the world? I do view the world as embracing this technology. And I view some governments accelerating the adoption, and some governments trying to stifle the adoption. But I also firmly believe that they can't stifle it forever. The best analogy I use is Uber. When Uber came out, it was essentially illegal in a lot of places. But the people demanded it. It was such a good service. Once that genie was out of the bottle, once people experienced it, both the drivers and the customers were like, this is 100 times better than taxis and it provides jobs for everyone. The protests when they banned it, right? There's protests to ban it from the taxi companies and there's protests to unban it after they banned it. And eventually Uber's ubiquitous, right? So this is kind of the same, which is some countries are going to stifle it, but the people are just going to demand it, right? Because it's a better financial infrastructure on a global level. And it plugs every person in the world into the same structure. Whereas before, you're very siloed into your country, but now you have a global solution. And so I really don't think it can be stopped. It can be slowed down, which it has been, but it's coming, right? And at the end of the day, who wins? The people. They have better financial services, better ways to do business, better currencies, better ways to earn money. Imagine people that never had the ability to do a $10 investment before. $10 is a lot of money to them, but no one could do an investment. But now those types of products and services are coming. People will be able to do these micro investments and make a little bit of money to us, but a whole lot of money to them. It's an amazing thing. The challenge is when it comes to real world asset now is how do you verify that this token actually represents this actual asset? And I think a lot of people are trying to solve that. How far away are we? Is it very close? Well, it depends. It's a great insight, and that's where regulation comes into play. Because right now it's, trust me, bro, here's the token, the money's there. When it's regulated, it's trust me, but if I'm lying to you, I go to jail. Those are the differences, right? And so that's where regulation really comes in. And that's why I think these large institutions and why a lot of the population will then be attracted towards more regulated, stable coins and cryptocurrencies is because they can trust them a little bit more. We imagine this world where a Kenyan farmer can now invest $10 into, let's say, a Taiwanese stock, TSMC, one of the biggest chipmaker. But that seems very far away because of legislation. It's not that the technical side can't be done, but it's all the countries or governments trying to protect their own system. What you're saying is people are going to demand that. Yes. Well said. I am just trying to picture how early you are on this, and I'm like, huh, is this 10 years or is this three years? We don't know. No, but I feel progress is inevitable. And again, you can slow it down. But with my optimistic view, I don't think you can stop it. And I hope you don't. And I hope that some governments will embrace it and offer this. And then when other governments see that these people have done it and they've done it responsibly, then their people will demand it. It's also the debate around CBDCs. Everyone says, is it a good thing or a bad thing? Mike, it depends on which hat you have. If you have the government's hat on, it's the best thing in the world. If you have the citizens hat on, their freedoms are restricted and controlled and their currencies are even more controlled than they were before. Will governments roll them out? If they can, they will. If they can't, because there's more of a democracy and they can't get away with it, they won't. You know, this is eye opening because I talked to a lot of lawmakers in Asia and a lot of them are talking about this because it's on the news and because it's after a circle went IPL. It's such a huge thing because the traditional finance now care about it. But I think it is so much bigger than that. And they should really listen to this episode. I hope so. I would love to have you back later in the future. Maybe talk more about your ideology because I find it really interesting. I'd be happy to. Yeah. Thanks for the questions. And you do have a great insight into the market and where it's going. And look, I just believe in this technology. I believe in delivering on the promise of blockchain. So the democratization of access to dollars or to better currencies and to better financial infrastructure and systems. And then Web 3, right? We have the technology now to reward the community, reward the people that are putting money into whatever ecosystem they're participating in. And so I want to see more and more companies delivering on that promise. And that's why I enjoy these conferences and talking about it because the more people realize what the potential is, then the more they'll dive in and the more that inevitable future that I believe is coming will happen sooner rather than later. Or you can just chill at home and people will demand it. That's right. A little slower though. Thank you so much for your time. Thank you.