 I work in TradFi. I work with a lot of people that hate Bitcoin. Hate's a very strong word. They hate it. They hate it. What's the percentage of TradFi people that hates Bitcoin? This might get me into trouble. Welcome to the jungle. Because there's a lot of people that come in and fail. It's very capitalistic. It's very kill or get killed. What happens in the ETF space is there. It's we call it a spaghetti cannon. In many cases, they just throw a ton of stuff at the wall and whatever sticks, they leave it up. It was like a Christian ETF. There was like an earthquake ETF. They were like, there's an UFO ETF. What was the most random ETF you've ever seen? Honestly, there's one that's been for extremely early. Like a lot of people think these Bitcoin ETFs launch and it's like, okay, now every advisor can just buy them. That is not how it works. There's a whole due diligence process. Oftentimes it takes, it's going to create a lot of demand. So I think that's the next wave of demand potentially for Bitcoin. The biggest holders of these Bitcoin ETFs, specifically end Ethereum ETFs, they're hedge funds. And what are they doing? One, Ethereum ETFs, like if you compare them to the launch of the Bitcoin ETFs, which is the greatest launch of all time in fund history, essentially, in ETF history specifically. Okay, the Ethereum ETFs were kind of a failure. Do you see people asking for these products? Do we need a Doge ETF? Who's buying them? So the largest holder of the Bitcoin ETFs as a category is hedge funds. The next biggest holders of, they control trillions of dollars in assets. They are the biggest users of ETFs. There have been multiple 70, 80% pullbacks. A lot of ETFs will hold Japanese, Taiwanese, Chinese stocks in the US. And the way the ETF works is like. There's a crypto bear market about to end anytime soon. We'll find out with the next guest, James Seifert, ETF analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. Welcome to the show, James, I'm David Lin. I'm Bonnie. Thanks for having me guys. James, let's talk about market action up until March, middle of March, here today we're speaking mid-March. What's going on? Yeah, I mean, if you look at crypto broadly, or specifically Bitcoin and all of the positive news actions you've seen since Trump got elected, granted there was a run up from about 70 to over 100, but like we're still seeing positive news action after positive news action. The underlying fundamentals, just based on the regulatory environment, has been extremely positive for the whole space. And still Bitcoin went from 109 down to 75, right? As of the time we're talking about this. And I think all of that really just has to do with risk assets, right? You mentioned the S&P is down. S&P was down 10% at its peak to trough so far. Small caps in the US, specifically down 20%, Mag-7 down 20%. So like, I think this whole move in Bitcoin specifically is more to do with the fact that things are just selling off globally, there's a deleveraging, momentum trade has fallen off a bit. So I think this has nothing to do with the idiosyncrasies of Bitcoin itself. And I think it's also probably healthy for some of crypto. I mean, some of the froth that we saw in like meme coins and stuff like that in crypto more broadly, they're likely, they might not come back, you know? But Bitcoin and some of the other crypto assets that have real utility, they are, this could be a washout and they should theoretically come back if they have some real end to use case. These are the chart you worked on. Cumulative Bitcoin ETF flows topped at $40 billion a couple of months ago. Again, correlation or causation here with the markets? So it's funny, we've seen about five and a half billion. Actually, no, it's less. It's about five billion now because money started coming back into the Bitcoin ETF since they launched, right? So they launched and they took in $40 billion at their peak in the beginning of February. What people are like, oh, everyone's selling all these, like these retail traders that are buying these ETFs, they're just dumping, which I don't think is what's happening. One of my most read pieces so far year to date is basically the biggest holders of these Bitcoin ETFs, specifically end Ethereum ETFs, they're hedge funds. And what are they doing? One, yeah, maybe some of them are holding it because they have long-term belief in Bitcoin. Maybe it's a tactical trade, but a lot of the money that's come in specifically from like December through the end of January, it was the basis trade. There were times on a daily basis where like a basis trade is basically where you sell the futures forward. So you're selling the futures, you're selling your Bitcoin exposure at one price, and to offset that position, you're buying the spot Bitcoin ETFs. That way, everything's in the traditional financial rails. You don't have to worry about the DeFi ecosystem, the DeFi rails, and your exposure to Bitcoin is zero. It's delta neutral. And the yield on that at points in December and January and even into early February were well into double digits, sometimes 25% on an annualized yield basis. So like you had, if you're a TradFi manager and you're looking at this and be like, I can risk free, get double digit returns, I'm in. So they were piling in. What happened starting around February 10th-ish, that basis trade, that yield went through the floor. It went to single digits. So all of a sudden, all that money that poured in, the billions that poured in to take advantage of that basis trade, that basis trade is being unwound. We see in the open interest in the futures market. And so a lot of money that came out, that five and a half billion I was talking about, there's no way to know for sure. I will bet a huge chunk of that was those hedge funds, those people taking advantage of the basis trade. Obviously, some of it is, you know, prices down, people are selling weekends, what have you. But I think a lot of it was the basis trade. We'll come back to the flows later, Bonnie. What about the Ethereum spot ETF? How is it doing? Yeah, so like when the Ethereum ETFs launched, we got a lot of flack online on crypto Twitter and Twitter in general, because we didn't have high expectations. We thought they would do 15% of the flows that Bitcoin ETFs did. And the dot ETH on the internet, we're very mad at us for saying that. And ironically, our 15% was like way overestimating what actually happened, at least for the first few months, because they had net outflows through basically Trump's election. And then Trump got elected and money started pouring into the Ethereum ETF. So they went from on a net basis about like 600, 700 million in outflows to now being over three billion in net inflows. So that's like a four billion swing just from Trump's election. We have seen outflows in the same way, but not to the same level that we saw in the Bitcoin ETFs. So for the most part, Ethereum ETFs, if you compare them to the launch of the Bitcoin ETFs, which is the greatest launch of all time in fund history, essentially, in ETF history specifically, yeah, okay, the Ethereum ETFs were kind of a failure. But if you look at them as like, how did they do compared to other ETF launches? They've done fantastically. The problem is they've taken all that money, they launched with about 10 billion in assets in July. They have like six, seven billion in assets now, despite taking in all those billions in dollars, it's because Ethereum has not had a good time on the price side of things. So the way that assets are driven, they're driven by two things, either the performance of the underlying asset, whatever they're holding and flows. Flows look great for Ethereum ETFs for the most part, since the Trump election. Price obviously does not look very good. So you actually have like lower assets, even though you've seen $3 billion in inflows. How is it being pitched to customers? Is it digital oil? Or is it app store? Yeah, so that is a very good question. And it's one of the things why we were concerned with the demand for the Ethereum ETFs. Bitcoin has a really easy narrative. It is digital gold, it is a digital store of value, it's digital scarcity, it's a medium of exchange on the internet, particularly for higher dollar amounts. Like that's very easy to describe. What is Ethereum is very different. And honestly, you need to ask the issuers how they're pitching this to advisors and institutions that are looking to own these ETFs. I know Matt Hogan of Bitwise talks about saying, it's more like he views a lot of other crypto, including Ethereum, it's like Bitcoin is one thing. Even the US government says that, right? Bitcoin is one thing, all these other crypto assets are something else. And I view them more like a tech growth play. Like they could be the technology that's the backbone of a whole bunch of different things, whether it's tokenization. But I don't know how it's being pitched. In my mind, I think of it as like a digital app store, the underlying DeFi layer potential, a blockchain ecosystem, DeFi ecosystem. But Bitcoin has really no competitors in the sense of that digital store value, despite Ethereum trying to be that. Whereas Ethereum has a lot of competitors on the DeFi side of things, whether it's Solana, Aptos, Swi, you name it, there's like a whole bunch of different people trying to play in that space. And it's gonna take a long time to figure out who the winners are. Are you actually doing a panel here entitled, the next wave of institutional crypto products? You just referenced a few of these products. Can you go into more detail? Yeah, I mean, well, the main one that I cover, obviously, is the ETF side of things. But overall, there's this general trend of these TradFi managers becoming, or TradFi institutions becoming bridges between the TradFi rails and the DeFi rails. So I think of, when you think of these ETFs that are holding crypto assets, the way to think about them is it's like a bridge. It's taking this online, digitally native asset, whether it's Ethereum or Bitcoin or Solana or XRP, whatever you wanna call it, and it's packaging it and putting it on the traditional financial rails. Then we have other things where we see Wisdom Tree as a smaller issue, or VanEck, BlackRock, Franklin Templeton. They're doing the exact opposite. They're taking things, or Circle and Tether. They're taking these TradFi assets, whether it's dollars, money market funds, potentially even stocks and bonds down the line, real estate, the goal is gonna be taking these TradFi real world assets and putting them on the DeFi rails. And I think a lot of these institutions we're talking about are gonna be building those bridges for that to happen. So that's a lot of the stuff that we're gonna be talking about on my panel later today. And it's just like, how do you do that? Tokenization of real world assets, all those different things. And also, not everyone wants an ETF. Some people wanna have their own custody of their own assets. As an institution, you still have to have a relationship with a custody manager because if you're managing hundreds of millions of dollars, or even just millions of dollars, and you just lose your keys, that's not a good answer for your bosses on how you lost things. So you have real, a lot of people think not your keys, not your coins, but in the institutional world, you need contracts set up. You need to have a relationship with somebody who knows, is professionally dealing with these things. And also, you wanna have somebody to blame if something goes wrong, rather than I lost the keys, or I lost my hardware wallet, something along those lines. So that's one thing that people in the crypto world tend to misunderstand, but people in finance in general kinda get it. Somebody else needs to be to blame, other than me for allocating to this asset class. You also talk about altcoins ETFs a lot. What is it? XRP, Solana, Doge, Litecoin. What are your thoughts? Yeah, I mean, we're pretty confident that everything you just mentioned is gonna have a spot ETF this year, in 2025 in the US. They already exist in Europe, for many of the ones you mentioned. We think we're gonna see them all approved here in the US. Solana Futures ETF, which I think we know for a fact, there is some demand for futures products, but not nearly as much as there is for spot futures. It's just more complicated. You have to roll them, their derivatives, they're not exactly easy to explain. So we're gonna see one of those launch in the next week, probably. And we just saw CME Futures on Solana list on Monday of this week. We think that we're gonna see other futures of these other assets launch. We think we're gonna see a lot of these ETFs launch. Litecoin is, I think, a slam dunk. We were very confident they were gonna get approved. We still are. So we think all of those things are gonna get approved. The question more so is how much demand is there for a Litecoin ETF, or an XRP ETF, or you name it. And we don't think it's gonna be nothing. Like I said, it kinda goes back to the Ethereum side of things. If you compare it to the Bitcoin ETF launch, okay, yeah, maybe it looks like a failure on a comparative basis. But you can still run successful ETFs with just 50 to $100 million in assets. They're still profitable products, they're still traded. People will still use them. So that's overall, that's our assumption what's gonna happen with a lot of these altcoin ETFs. And even still, if you're an issuer that specializes in this thing, grayscale, for example, or bitwise, you're gonna wanna have a lot of these altcoins out there because you don't wanna go to, you're talking to advisors or institutions about all these ETFs, and you're like, oh, well, this other issuer has this ETF, why don't you have it? It's just easier to kinda have it on your menu, your offering. That way, if people want it, they can get exposure to it. And then one of the other things that often happens in the ETF space is, as price goes up, it kinda brings demand. So if we see some of these altcoins really rallying, you're likely gonna see money from retail and other people kinda pour in and use these ETFs to get that exposure. Do you see people asking for these products? I was gonna ask, do we need a Doge ETF? Who's buying them? Institutions, retail? So this goes back to what I was talking about with the fact that the largest holder of the Bitcoin ETFs as a category, as of the end of December, we have data from 13F filings in the US, is hedge funds. They own like 10 point, just under $11 billion worth of those Bitcoin ETFs when they had $115 billion or $100 billion in assets. So they're a huge holder. The next biggest holder is investment advisors, which is likely the biggest area of growth for these ETFs. Investment advisors, the people managing other people's money at wirehouses, at wealth platforms, they control trillions of dollars in assets. They are the biggest users of ETFs. So do I see them saying we need a 2% allocation to a Dogecoin ETF? No, probably not. Maybe Solana, if they think it's competing with Ethereum, maybe some of these other coins that are in layer one chains that are trying to compete? Possibly, right? But what you also have to realize is we only know like 27% of the holders of the Bitcoin ETFs. The rest are either retail or offshore entities. A lot of it, and if you've talked to anyone, it's a lot of retail money that are in these products. We see a lot of demand for super-leverage ETFs, derivatives-based ETFs. People love to gamble, specifically in the US, right? So if you're trading these things, you might have interest in these ETFs because you just wanna trade them. And it's just easier to do it with your Robinhood or Schwab or whatever account, Fidelity account, if you can trade them on those platforms rather than going to a Coinbase or Kraken or Gemini, you name it. So will there be a lot of demand? Probably not. Will there be people trading these things? Yes, I would, yes. Plenty of these things will find success and they'll find enough assets. When the Bitcoin ETFs launched, they were like, there's no way all 11 of these are going to survive. All 11 of them have way more than enough assets to survive long-term to be profitable for the people that launch them. Granted, if Bitcoin goes down to 20K from here, maybe it won't be profitable then, but at the rate that Bitcoin is growing and has grown, it's still profitable to have them. I think this may speak to a broader change in the ETF landscape, because when you think about the history of ETFs, you go back to the 90s with the spiders, right? There were the large index funds, and now we have a potential doge or a Litecoin ETF. I mean, the buyers and holders and traders of ETFs, how have their profiles changed over the last 25 years? That is a fantastic question. It's something our team is always talking about, right? So what you also have to realize is the reason ETFs were launched wasn't for buy and hold long-term investing. The creation of them was to offset different derivatives products that were launched in the 80s that caused Black Monday, essentially. So a debrief from the, I think it was the SEC, about Black Monday and what caused the flash crash back then, that's what was the kernel that created the ETF. They were saying if something actually held the underlying assets and traded, it would be better than these derivatives products that caused basically a leverage unwind in the traditional financial markets that we're used to seeing in crypto. But it was a big problem when you have that happening in TradFi, that's what ETFs were created. They were trading vehicles. So the benefit of an ETF is really that you can use it, your advisor is using it, your grandmother might be buying it as long-term and hold, and a hedge fund might be using it to go in and out on a daily basis. Market makers are using it to pick up bips. And when you have all these different ecosystem players playing in one space, it creates for a really efficient, cheap market that gives everyone the same exposure. In mutual funds and hedge funds, it's like siloed wrappers, you need to have a certain amount of money, you need to be sophisticated to a certain extent. There's costs in doing that. ETFs bring everyone together. But what's, so basically that's one thing. To answer your question is, leverage ETFs have always been around since the basically mid-2000s. They have always been a small niche part of the ETF world. People love to trade, they love to gamble. What's more recent is a lot of these derivatives ETFs because there's some rules that made a lot easier to hold derivatives. We also have single stock leverage ETFs that are huge. But you also have to realize, as an AUM basis, they're not that big. They're very much in the satellite portion of the ETF world in the US. But people love to trade, and they trust the ETF wrapper to work well. So essentially, the Dogecoin ETFs, I kind of, and these other ones, I kind of feel like in the same realm as I do, like some of these single stock leverage ETFs. They're trading vehicles, they're gambling, and there's nothing wrong with that. And they give you the protections that the ETF wrapper kind of affords you in there. So I think overall, it's just like, the vast majority of the assets are in the things like an S&P 500 ETF, or an aggregate bond ETF, like long-term buy and hold types of investments. And these other things, there's a bit of push to say they're not ETFs, call them ETPs or ETIs, exchange rate of instruments, and things like that, so that people don't confuse them with the safe nature of diversified exposure. But there's nothing wrong with them. One of Dave Nadek, who's a legend in the ETF industry, is calling them white hat products versus black hat products, almost like hackers, in the sense that these things are like, it's basically these issuers are trying to make a ton of money because they know people are gonna trade them, and they're addicted to trading volatility. I saw on your Twitter post that you said, I can't remember if it was you or Eric, you guys said, Bitcoin is down, but the holders are not selling. The ETF holders are not selling because they are baby boomers. Yeah, so one of the things that we got flack for, and a lot of people were saying before the ETFs launch, was that everyone's gonna be paper hands. They were gonna sell the first time to sell off. We had a massive sell off in August, we basically saw no money coming out. We're seeing it now, everyone's talking about five billion came out of these ETFs. You gotta realize, that's like less than 5% of the assets. So at the start of this, there was $115 billion in these ETFs, $120 billion in these ETFs. We've seen five billion come out. You hear five billion, that's a lot, but when you put a denominator on there, it's like, oh, that's not that big of a deal. And it's because one, people who are buying these ETFs know what they're buying. I hope that people buying Bitcoin ETFs know there have been multiple 70, 80% pullbacks, right? So they know the volatility, they should understand this. And like I said, even a lot of the flows that we've seen coming out, my view, as I said, is more from the people that were playing the basis trade than necessarily these boomers that are putting this as a 1%, 2% allocation in their portfolio. If you're an advisor and you're putting this in a client portfolio, you're not putting it at 20% of the portfolio. They're not looking at this and being like, I'm getting crushed here. It's more like, okay, we had a 2% or 3% allocation, it's gone down or gone up, and they're gonna rebalance around that. So as prices come down, you'll probably see money pour in from the advisors who are trying to maintain an allocation. The flip side is when you see price go up, say we go up to 120, 150, some crazy number like that, you're likely to see some money from advisors that will come out. Granted, retail, when money pours up, you tend to see money pour into an ETF, but you'll see advisors rebalancing around their target allocation. They'll say, I want 5%, 2%, and if it runs up because of price, they'll sell to get back to it. If it falls down because the price is collapsing, they'll buy to get back up there. So that's overall my view, but for the most part, ETF holders, they know that it's such a good deal, the fees are really good compared to other products, particularly in the DeFi world and crypto world. So they're holding, and again, for the most part, this is likely a satellite position in their portfolio. Like if the S&P 500 was down 30% and that's 20% of their portfolio, that hurts. Bitcoin down 30, 20%, and it's a 2% allocation, it's not that big of a deal. Is there enough liquidity for stuff like Litecoin or Dogecoin to even create an ETF? I mean, if there isn't enough, then the creation redemption process is gonna work very well, and then we're gonna get huge discounts and premiums to NAV. Yeah, so I would say the ETF wrapper is so good that we're not gonna see huge discounts and premiums to NAV. The way we look at things, so like a lot of ETFs will hold Japanese, Taiwanese, Chinese stocks in the US. And the way the ETF works is like, we call it, there's a premium and discount, and what we like to refer to that as, so like if the ETF is trading above the value of their underlying assets or below it, we refer to that as the arbitrage band, because there's so many people, the Jane Streets, the Virtus, the hedge funds, the Citadels, if there's a dislocation there. Grayscale Bitcoin ETF is trading at a huge premium at some point. Well, it wasn't an ETF. When it became an ETF, that premium collapsed to 1.5% as soon as it launched. Granted, it still traded a slight premium once it was an ETF, but when you can go in, so the benefit of an ETF, the creation of the ETF basically came from this guy, Nate Most. They got the idea, like I said, from that SEC debrief. It was a huge, long, massively-paged paper about what happened in the 1987 crash, and his idea, he came from a commodities background, and he had this idea of something called commodities warehouse receipts. It was basically like if you had gold or grain or oil, the way you would trade that is you would put that into a commodities warehouse, they would charge a fee to hold it, and they would give you receipts of paper that says, you own this much gold here, you own this much oil, and rather than moving the physical gold and oil, you could just move those paper receipts around. That's how a lot of commodities trading happened back in the day, and the idea was, why don't we just do that with stocks? And that was the first S&P 500 ETF, right? Actually, the first ETF was in Canada, but that's a side story. So that's all this is. So if at any point you can hand over the underlying asset and get back shares of the ETF, that means there's an arbitrage mechanism to always make sure things stay in line. So when you see, in an ETF that's operating properly, where the creation mechanism is able to be activated and used, when you see premiums and discounts, that's often an indication that the ETF is pricing what the actual market is. So for example, in 2020, during the depths of the pullback, this is going real niche, but high-yield muni bond ETF, high-yield munis are very illiquid. That thing was trading at a 20% discount, and people are like, the ETF is broken. No, what was broken was the nav of the underlying bonds, because there was no trading. And if you called a muni bond trader, it was like, no bid, no bid, which means no one was buying these things. So if you were trading the ETF, the people making markets in those ETFs, they couldn't get a mark in them, right? So they're trading at a 20% discount, because that's where the actual market is. So if we're talking about Litecoin, for the most part, these people are going to be able to source liquidity, and if they can't, the ETF is probably gonna be an indicative valuation of where the price is in the underlying asset, because there's so much liquidity, the infrastructure in the US around trading these ETFs is so strong, that if there is a huge premium or discount, there's likely something else going on. The other thing I would say is, the reason we got the Bitcoin and Ethereum ETFs approved was based on the liquidity of the underlying futures market, saying they could seek out fraud and manipulation, understand what's going on there. I don't think that was necessary. They could have done a surveillance sharing agreement with the likes of Coinbase, Gemini, Kraken, Binance, you name it, and that's enough to surveil the underlying market. So I think ultimately, that's what they're gonna lean on when they approve these things. Yes, potentially having futures markets that are regulated by the CFTC will be helpful, but I think the liquidity will be there, and if it's not, it'll be very interesting to watch. But for the most part, they're gonna tap whatever liquidity they can, and if a ton of money pours into the Litecoin ETF, for example, and you don't worry about liquidity, what's gonna happen when, it doesn't matter, they have to buy the underlying asset. It's just like buying the underlying asset. At some point, that money comes in, whether it's at a delay or it happens instantaneously, those dollars need to get exposed to Litecoin. So what's gonna happen to the underlying asset? It's gonna get bid up because they're gonna go wherever they can, and demand is gonna create new supply. As price goes up, more people are gonna come into market willing to sell. Larry Fink from BlackRock, he is talking about tokenizing stock equity. Do you think a 24-7 stock market is coming? Do I think it's coming? Yes, do I think it's needed? Not necessarily. I know that's not like the DeFi world. I just kinda like the idea of weekends off and stuff like that. It's not fun looking at it, particularly when there's a liquid stuff happening on like Sunday night in the US and prices are going crazy. But my personal view is it's a foregone conclusion. Whether or not everything is gonna be tokenized or some stuff will be on the rails that we currently use is up for debate, but there is going to be stuff, there'll be regulations. The main thing you need to figure out is regulations, but you're gonna have stocks, bonds, real estate exposure, all these different things, they're gonna be tokenized. Trading on DeFi rails, blockchain, I think it's a foregone conclusion. And also you have Larry Fink and BlackRock pushing for this. The benefit for them, like if you are used to buying an ETF or a stock or anything along those lines, like you don't pay attention to like what's going on with your, the DTCC, the clearing corp or transfer agent or like your custodian, like that is kind of like abstracted away from you. But if you're at these issuers and you're at these platforms, you know very well how all this is working. Like it's very rare that we see that come to light. We saw it come to light during the meme stock mania with Robinhood when they couldn't meet things. Like there's a lot of plumbing on the backend that like is just old school. Obviously they're using digital stuff, but it's not on the blockchain. Even the DTCC, the clearing corp, are talking about using blockchain to tokenize different things. They're looking forward to this because it's a lot of work. So from BlackRock's perspective, it's gonna decrease costs. Like they're already doing stuff at cost essentially with some of their ETFs. Like if they can lower the cost of the backend plumbing and like save some money there, make great efficiencies, it's not exactly there yet, but at the rate this technology is moving, it could get there. So I think it's just a foregone conclusion that we're gonna see a lot of things tokenize. The main hurdle right now is gonna be regulatory environment, right? So we have all these ADRs, American Depository Seeds, of like Chinese stocks and Japanese stocks trading in the US and vice versa, trading in Australia, you name it. There's a lot of regulatory things that go into there around what can be wrapped into it. So like this idea that we're just gonna take stocks, put them in the blockchain and everyone around the world can buy them, absent like some sort of regulatory environment, I think is not gonna happen. But I do think ultimately we'll get some sort of regulatory backdrop that will allow this to happen. And whether it happens in the next few years or a decade, I think it's gonna happen. Well, Cal is the next bull market. We've talked about why it's been down. We talked about flows being weaker. We had catalyst last year, the launch of the Bitcoin ETFs, the launch of other ETFs, change of administration. What are we looking forward to next? Yeah, if I have to like look for something that is the most optimistic viewpoint, let's just stick with Bitcoin for now, because I think all coins have like their own headwinds and there's a lot of competition there, as I kind of mentioned. But if we're just looking at Bitcoin specifically, I look to exactly what we were talking about, those advisors, institutions, corporations, getting on board with a Bitcoin standard in some way, or just putting a one to 2% allocation. For the most part, I've heard of stories more and more over the last, like just the last couple weeks and couple months of advisor platforms allowing people to buy Bitcoin ETFs. Like a lot of people think these Bitcoin ETFs launch and it's like, okay, now every advisor can just buy them. That is not how it works. There's a whole due diligence process. Oftentimes it takes three years from what many of them are accelerating them because they want to be able to get the Bitcoin on the platform. But even still, like initially, for the most part, if I say I'm your client, I mean, I'm your advisor and you're my client. I can't, in most places right now, I can't recommend a one to 2% allocation to Bitcoin in your portfolio. But if you come to me and say, I want Bitcoin in my portfolio, I can do it, right? Because it's unsolicited versus solicited. I can't solicit you to buy this thing. That process, and in some cases, even still, even if you come in to me and say you want to buy it, there are some places where you still can't, you can't buy the ETFs, they don't even allow it. So there's kind of like these different levels of like what you can do. And even still at the level where you can recommend it or you can allow people to buy it, there's a lot of restrictions. You need millions of dollars with them specifically. You need to have a high risk tolerance. So the vast majority, the trillions of assets at these wealth platforms, at these wirehouses, these brokerages, they still are not fully on board with buying these things. Now granted, do I think all of them are gonna put a one to 2% or 5% allocation to Bitcoin or crypto? No, probably not. But even a small portion of them doing it for a lot of their clients, it's gonna create a lot of demand. So I think that's the next wave of demand potentially for Bitcoin. And if we're talking about other things, we're gonna see index, we already have index ETFs at launch. Right now they just hold Bitcoin and Ethereum. We're gonna see by July or August, they're gonna have index funds that are mostly Bitcoin and Ethereum, but also holding five to eight other assets. So they're gonna be, I think that will be another wave of demand because if you're an advisor and you're looking to get exposure to space, you're like, well, do I really just want Bitcoin or do I wanna get an index exposure, what I'm used to doing for stocks and bonds and things like that. So I think that's another wave of demand. But overall, the regulatory environment, we've gone from a point where we were facing massive headwinds to now we have tailwinds and the price ironically is going the opposite direction. So I think there's like a disconnect between what's looking at on the underlying fundamentals of this industry versus what's happening price-wise. And as we talked about the start, I think it's largely just what's happening with risk assets, Trump talking about tariffs, all the different things that Trump is doing with the global order, if you will. Do you think we're heading into a recession? I'm definitely not qualified to answer that. Our economists think there is a chance of it at Bloomberg, but my view is I think things look underlying like the underlying fundamentals of the economy are pretty strong. Inflation does seem to be coming down if you look at where things sit right now. Right now, the Fed is pricing for two rate cuts. So obviously, rates markets aren't really pricing for a recession. I don't know, I think things are relatively strong. The big concern is the federal deficit and that's what Trump and Besant and Lutnik and you name it at the US Treasury are focused on, the US government are focused on. So no, I don't think we're heading for a recession. I don't think it's zero probability. I mean, we had 20 plus percent returns in 2023 and 2024 and going into 2025, I was like, look guys, that's not how things usually work. We're gonna be due a pullback and I think pullbacks are healthy in the TradFi markets and in the DeFi markets. So yeah, recession, I don't know, not qualified to answer it, but I think if we do have a recession, it should be relatively mild just because there's so much home equity built up in the US specifically, assets are up very high. I think a lot of people have very strong balance sheets and you see all these charts of people looking at credit card debt and all these other things and it kind of like what I was saying about the Bitcoin ETS, people talk billions of outflows. It's like, well, put a denominator on the amount of debt that we're seeing in the US and you look at like assets and balance sheets of the average American and it's like very, very strong. There are some upticks in like, you know, delinquencies and mortgage rates and things like that. It indicate a softening economy, but it's hard to like kind of stop the economy from softening once it goes in one direction, but does that mean we're gonna go into like another 2008? I'd probably not, that's my basic take. Well, earlier you talk about institutions buying Bitcoin ETF. So when it was approved in 2024, we were so excited because we were like, oh, now all the institutions are gonna just buy Bitcoin spot ETF, but it seems like it's not the case, right? Where are we in terms of percentage, possible potential? Where are we? We're very early. I mean, you have a UAE sovereign wealth fund that has bought the seventh largest holder of BlackRock's iBit, their Bitcoin ETF. So there are institutions coming on board. As I mentioned, it depends if you consider advisors institutions, some people do, I kind of think of like them in the middle ground because it's mostly retail money, not like an endowment or something like that. But I mean, we're starting to see, like one of the European central banks is considering adding Bitcoin. We have seen some pension funds in the US that have created allocations to Bitcoin. So yeah, I think we're extremely early. The one thing that the institutions do, a lot of them have special mandates and they're like years long old and they can only hold securities or bonds or there's very strict restrictions on what they can and cannot buy. And in many cases, they can't buy the underlying asset directly. So what putting Bitcoin and crypto in an ETF wrapper does is it makes it a security. So it makes it much easier for these institutions to buy. The other thing I would say is the tax rules and the reporting accounting rules around Bitcoin that have been changed now, specifically you heard Michael Saylor of strategy or MicroStrategy talk about this a lot. It was like very inefficient to put it on your balance sheet. Like it's not a great thing for tax and accounting purposes. And that's changing, that has changed now or is changing this year. So I think there's a whole bunch of like things that are like underlying tailwinds that could create more demand for this asset. But the one thing I would say is like, I work in TradFi, I work with a lot of people that hate Bitcoin. They hate crypto, they hate DeFi. Oh, still a lot of these people in the TradFi world, they do not grab their head around it. They just don't like the space. And there's people that will just never buy into this. So I think like this idea that everyone's eventually gonna get in, maybe. I'm not fully sold on that, but institutions are, they're here and they're coming and they're doing their due diligence. You can talk to these different ETF issuers and they're talking to a lot of advisors like Ascent. They're also talking to institutions. But for the most part, a lot of the TradFi institutions I see are doing more like special purpose things like that basis trade. So they're involved in the markets, they're trading them, they're earning spreads. They're not necessarily buying it for long-term buy and hold. Hates a very strong word. They hate it, they hate it. If you had to take a wild guess, what's the percentage of TradFi people that hates Bitcoin, for example? Oh, this might get me into trouble. I mean, it's probably a third. Oh, that's quite a lot. Yeah, probably a third. Yeah, I see it with my own company. I see it with other companies that we deal with. I mean, Vanguard is a great example. Like, I mean, why don't they just sell it? Well. Or short it. Yeah, shorting Bitcoin has been known to not be a great idea, particularly because it can just, as we've seen, well, I mean, it can be a good idea. It drops 70% in a rather short period of time, but it also skyrockets. Let me just add the narrative that just because we have Bitcoin ETFs and other instruments that is a bullish case, well, we can now short Bitcoin using these instruments, right? It's a two-sided sword. Yeah, I mean, it should make the market more efficient. People will, I see a lot of stuff online about it, like the market's being manipulated. I really don't think that's the case in any way whatsoever. Manipulated by whom? What are these theories? I don't know. I don't understand. They don't make a lot of sense to me, specifically. But yeah, you can go out and short it. One of the biggest things that only happened in November, options were allowed on Bitcoin ETFs, and they have tons of volume. They are doing extremely well, specifically BlackRock's iBit. It makes up like 98% of the option volume in Bitcoin, and so that's also being heavily used. So we're also gonna see a lot of these ETFs come to market that are doing things, kind of like, you know how Michael Saylor talks about stepping up the exposure to Bitcoin or stepping it down with his convertible debt and preferred stock? Like you're kind of giving different varying levels of exposure. There's a lot of ETFs that have come out and are coming out that are giving you a certain amount of downside protection, buffer ETFs. But to do that, you're giving up some of your upside, you're going to get a portion of the upside exposure, and we're seeing a bunch of demand for that in the Bitcoin ETF space as well. So basically, TradFi is gonna create all these different things to get exposure to Bitcoin in varying different ways with financial engineering, not dissimilar to what Michael Saylor has done with his products, or financial products. And that's another area of demand that I see coming. But for the most part, yeah, I'm telling you, there's a lot of people that just don't like crypto and Bitcoin in general, and are unlikely to ever get on board. I wanna get your thoughts on Michael Saylor's new product, BMax ETF, which is Michael's strategy, Riot and Mara's convertible bond. Yeah, so I think that's a rec shares product. So they are one of the companies that was home with that launched a lot of those single stock ETFs, leverage products. They've had a product, Fang U, that's like 3X the Fang stocks for forever. So they have a lot of these very niche, concentrated, often leverage products, and they have launched this, and that's another area, right? So there's gonna be a lot of ETFs that are providing exposure to crypto or digital assets, not necessarily via directly offering exposure, but just offering exposure to those convertible markets, convertible debt markets. Or there's also other products that have come out from Grayscale and Bitwise and others that are trying to have filed, that are basically gonna hold stocks and companies that are using the Bitcoin standard. They hold at least $100 million in Bitcoin in their balance sheet. So there's all these ETFs. We have one ETF block from Amplify. They launched in 2017, I think, and they've held Coinbase and a lot of these other miners and a lot of these other equity securities that provide exposure to the space on the equity side. So we're gonna see, I think there's just more demand. There's gonna be a lot of growth in the space. What happens in the ETF space is there, we call it a spaghetti cannon in many cases. They just throw a ton of stuff at the wall and whatever sticks, they leave it up because it's profitable. And if no one wants it and they don't see any demand for it coming in the future, or they don't see it filling a hole in their offering, they just yank it. So there's a launch of just tons of stuff at the wall and we'll see what sticks. Does it sound risky to you? I mean, it's a very concentrated exposure. It's almost like buying single bonds, right? So like, is buying a single bond risky? Yes, in a sense, because you have idiosyncratic risk to, in this case, three stocks, but really one asset in many regards. But like, the way that the SEC works is right, they're, under Gary Gensler, they kind of veered away from what they were supposed to do. The SEC is supposed to be a disclosure regulator. They're supposed to say, you need to disclose all these risks, all these potential problems down the line and put it all in writing so anyone who buys it can see what they're signing a contract, signing up for this. What they aren't supposed to do is be a merit regulator. There is merit in this investment. There is merit in doing this. That's not what they're supposed to do. You're supposed to fall within the rules, disclose everything, and that's what all these ETFs are. Some of those black hat ETFs have some of these leverage products. As long as people understand what they're getting involved in and getting exposure to, I think it's fine. That's our personal view. We think the ETF industry is a big tent and anyone can launch whatever they wanna launch. Some people want the whole total stock market, hundreds or thousands of stocks being held. Some people wanna hold 2X MicroStrategy and bet on things going wrong. But the one thing I would say is if you're playing in those markets, understand the risks. For example, 2X Long and 2X Short MicroStrategy, year to date. MicroStrategy not doing that great obviously in 2025. Both the 2X Long and the 2X Short are negative year to date. Think about that again. Both the ones that are 2X Bullish MicroStrategy and 2X Barish are both down year to date. How does that work? Because they reset daily. So when you have volatile markets where you're going up and down on a daily basis and you're going 2X on up and 2X down, just think about it. So you go from 100 to 110 on the underlying asset. You're going from 100 to 120 on the 2X and you go back down to 100 on the 110. You're now well below 100 on the leverage one. So it's called volatility decay just the way that resets. And these markets are, these ETFs or ETPs as I call them, they're power tools. Just know that you're correct. You can hold something, you can, depending on them. So there's products that are like 1.25 leverage now in Canada from Evolve that like, you can hold those a little longer. 1.5 you might be able to hold for a week or even 2X you can hold for some time. The benefit is, I talked about that, like if it's going up and down, it really eats into your return no matter what you're doing. If it trends in one direction, it actually will outperform its stated leverage just because it's compounding on itself. It's like a compounding thing. So these things are power tools. No matter what you're doing, just know what you're getting involved in. I used to work in ETF research. That was my first job. And I saw a bunch of really random like themes. It was like a Christian ETF. There was like an earthquake ETF. They were like, there's a UFO ETF. Yes. What was the, I don't know that UFO ETF is still around, but what was the most random ETF you've ever seen? Honestly, there's one that's been filed from Tuttle who is a guy that has filed for a 2X Melania and 2X Trump coin ETF. He's filed like, he's filed, he's launching an ETF that's exactly UFO. That's probably out there with the craziest. But one thing I would step back and say is like, those theme ETFs, those Christian ETFs, they're like basically investing in the S&P 500 and kicking out stocks that don't meet like Christian, whatever. Cigarette companies, tobacco companies, some kind companies. Or like they're honestly some DEI stuff. Like, so if this company is very strong in diversity, equity, inclusion, and ESG stuff, they might get kicked out from the Christian ETF. The Christian ETF, I remember the time was just tech stuff. Yeah. Well, they have a lot of assets. They have a lot of assets now. Basically you go to somebody or an institution that is like a church-type institution or an endowment at a school that is funded by the church, they would rather do that. So it's like a selling point. We call it in a way like conversational alpha. Like if I'm an advisor and I'm pitching you and I'm telling you I put you in Bitcoin or I put you in this, it's like a way to like talk to you about this thing. But also like overall, themes are very strong. People like narratives and stories and it's very easy to tell a story. Some of it is very gimmicky. Some of it obviously has demand, right? So some of those Christian and Catholic stocks, ETFs, they're doing very well. They have significant assets because there are people out there that wanna invest with those values. And basically, like I said, the ETF market is a big tent and it tends to be a spaghetti can and people have ideas. There's a lot of people that come in and fail. It's very capitalistic. It's very kill or get killed. We call it the jungle. Welcome to the jungle because it's very hardcore to do well. And fees tend to be very low. You don't earn a lot of money unless you have a lot of success. And it's, you know who it's good for. It's good for the likes of us who are investing in this space because we get to benefit from all that like capitalistic competitiveness. The Bitcoin ETFs, when they launched, they launched with such low fees, way lower than we even expected because the fee war started before they even launched. The weeks leading up to the launch, you saw everyone just dropping fees. So we went from 80 basis points fees now to 20 and Grayscale has a product that's charging 15 basis points. Like that is crazy compared to like what we see in Canada and Europe and now the rest of the world is kind of competing. But for the most part, this capitalistic tendency of people just throwing shit at the wall is good for the end investor. As long as you kind of, you know, what you're getting yourself into. That was great. Thank you very much. Thanks James. Thank you. Thank you. Yes.