 This is the YouTube co-founder Steve Chen and I'm gonna ask him to rate my YouTube channel. This is only what I do for a living I'm not nervous at all. Hold on. Let's go back a little and see how it all started I've been making YouTube videos for years mainly on crypto AI and economy a few weeks ago Walden from bigget one of the top crypto exchanges Texted me and asked me if I wanted to speak at a panel with the co-founder of YouTube. I I Needed to get his signature, but what should I ask him to sign a t-shirt laptop my husky? Oh, I don't know you might be wondering why is meeting Steve such a big deal Well, Steve is a Taiwanese American entrepreneur that co-founded YouTube. He was the CTO that means He's the one with the crazy scientist brain that came up with all the complex tech behind YouTube He was born in Taiwan and moved to the US at the age of seven He was working at PayPal when he met chart Hurley and Java Karim in 2005 they founded YouTube they had the vision to create the biggest video sharing platform Not quite. They wanted to create an online dating website with video. It was to let people find their perfect match They asked people to share videos talking about their likes dislikes Interests so they could find their soul mates from the viewers as their match, but people were a bit too shy So the founders decided to make some changes and YouTube is now a cool video sharing platform One of the co-founders Kareem uploaded a video at a zoo in 2005. It was officially the first video uploaded to YouTube Oh and Google bought YouTube for 1.65 billion in 2006 now you can embed videos to other websites like myspace from there YouTube became the biggest video sharing platform in the Entire world it turned out people didn't want to find their soul mates on YouTube. They were there to laugh at funny videos This is Ronald Dino playing soccer the first ever video that got 1 million views People started making videos on how to like how to be a ninja Or how to bite your brother's finger You're out Charlie! Owwwww! Charlie! Here's a video of Steve's cat pajamas YouTube has officially reached more people than all cable TV networks combined want to learn how to cook no problem Makeup yeah, how to invest you got it even universities and governments are now uploading on YouTube Universities and governments are now uploading on YouTube 3.7 million videos are uploaded on YouTube every single day and Mr. Beast has become the most popular YouTuber in the world blowing up everything he sees. Okay, let's slow down It's time to meet the guy who started all this Steve was too nice to rate my channel, but he did say I'm now his favorite Haha, well jokes aside YouTube reshapes how an entire generation learns and gives us the option to take control over our Career choices. It's been such a wonderful journey Oh and thank you big F for making this happen This video is sponsored by Emma the German mattress brand endorsed by the Asian superstar Ella Emma has won over 75 international awards stay tuned for more exciting content about them later in this video Oh That's short and then this is like the oh, you know, I didn't I comment on your Twitter account or something did you Yeah, you got to read your tweet. Oh my god. I said I can't wait to meet I shouldn't be using Twitter I should be using YouTube. Yes. Yes 138,000 Is that how do you do that? Is that the first thing you look at the subscribers number of subscribers? Yeah No, I have 138 without the K subscribers It's amazing. Some of the people that you're are these mostly Big news Well, it's an honor to meet I'm still so new to this so this could be educational for me No, I'm like eight weeks into crypto How did you get into crypto video itself was uploaded? 19 years ago, but all of a sudden about six seven weeks ago on Twitter I just restarted receiving hundreds and hundreds of tweets referencing me in pajamas the name of the cat And you'll see from the video. It's got 400,000 views It doesn't have a lot of views and so suddenly all thousand tweets come in and that's when I started asking some of my own friends in Silicon Valley mostly that I've invested in in the web through world like Going on here. Like why are they all and then there's I saw people started actually such as sharing the deck screen or like a Right website, and they started showing me the prices are like What are they trying to buy? Are they trying to buy the video? Cuz like I can't I can't just give a video away on YouTube, right? Are they trying to buy the cat because the cats I mean 19 years ago video I mean, it's it's no longer in this world So what are they trying to buy and it took like probably like 35 minutes of explanation before I'm like, this is completely just like decentralized like completely just buying Tokens that somehow correlate to it took a while, but of course I was curious and so I went and bought some Wow, okay, but it takes a long time I think that's a problem with the I think these these central exchanges all these different apps that you had to download Exactly all these 12 word keys that you have to write down and phrases and and I had like a ledger and all this stuff And I'm like finally I get it But it goes from like nine thousand dollars to like fifty thousand dollars in like two hours I was like, well, there's maybe something more to this So I mean that was the story of how it all got started compressed into like half a day I think the original guys that created have long long long left and if I think it's one of these few tokens where it ends up being just completely community driven a hundred percent and and everything I mean it's just from spending time on Telegram like for ten hours a day with like the you that I didn't I had even I had to download telegram After that now it's like my most used app just talking with you know 6-7,000 people that's on the network and learning more about the community and differences between web 2 and web 3 and there are there are some similarities, but definitely some differences like They were so surprised that I was showing my face Because people don't show their faces in web 3 people don't tell them like their real names in web 3, but it's cool We have a community even somebody that flew out just for tonight's event when I was back in San Francisco last week I had somebody from LA that was part of the community also fly up And so I mean I think it's this kind of combination between web 2 web 3 that's pretty exciting to me to be frank like pajamas to me it's not Going to be the the returns that like an investment in a Silicon Valley Company is gonna get actually still involved a lot with Silicon Valley a lot of investments still but here in Taiwan I think what's exciting is like there's a lot of opportunities for Entrepreneurs and for startups here in Taiwan that want to make it under the global stage So so trying to act as kind of that bridge between You know Taiwan because I'm physically present here the entrepreneurs the ideas. They're there here as well I think the more difficult more challenging part here versus say San Francisco is trying to find funding early stage funding like risk-taking Funding I think a lot of the VC firms here They don't like to take that risk, but we can make those connections happen right and if that happens I think that's great for Taiwan and for Silicon Valley. Do you think the education in Taiwan makes it very hard to be an entrepreneur? I think it does have an impact, but I want to say like there are definitely pockets of people that are tie-dye graduates that are to the top with GPA But are actually entrepreneurial minded I when I first moved here I kept thinking that I'm not gonna invest in any of these companies that are started by Taiwanese entrepreneurs But I've started to make investments in Taiwanese entrepreneurs They have to start thinking globally from day one like they have to start thinking like version one of the app needs to be in English It can't just be in Chinese in Taiwan And if it's successful, then we've launched a V2 in English like that's too late Okay, but like some of these entrepreneurs from tie-dye like I mean they're they're English is flawless They understand the the capital markets outside of Taiwan And so they can come up with products that are usable from the the global side of things day one It's still a little early to tell but I have written some checks to just Like really Taiwanese startups that are based in Taiwan that are focused for the entire world in terms of the audience They hit the lottery when you're on board. You can't you can't top YouTube, right? Are you still studying like the trends of YouTube and how they change to shorts long form and all that I think YouTube shorts and tick-tock and a lot of Instagram relative to those videos Those are gonna be catered towards like just the shorter attention spans of many users on the internet today Especially the the younger audiences, right? But I I guess you know, you just need to cater to whatever your audience is once do you watch mr. Beast? Not really Who's your all-time favorite youtuber is there like a OG youtuber Mostly what I'm using YouTube for like if you see my recommendations It'll be things that are like armor equipment reviews or electronic reviews, which it's great for that purpose Maybe music videos or something if you were to ask me like we're the top five youtubers that you know, like I wouldn't You oh my god And mr. Beast, I don't know who the other it's embarrassing but everyone everyone knows you so I've subscribed to my channel with 400 people subscribe Last thing can I ask you to rate my thumbnail? I made this little thing Thumbnail from 1 to 10 There was like this report showing that Taiwanese are very rich Yeah, but I mean a lot of people don't think so. So it's like controversial and this one is Jensen Hong Well, it's a huge thing. I mean to be honest like Taiwanese Americans in Silicon Valley are doing very very well, right? I mean someone that's come back here with me on Kevin Lin from twitch You've got AMD and video at least is sue like there's a lot of Taiwanese Americans there I think like it'd be great to be able to bring back some of that. It's either like 9.9 or 10 Could you sign this for me No way. Yes, please I've never this is the first time I'm holding one of these No way, that's cool. No, I've never held I've never held one of these before This is the first time I've ever actually seen this I mean I've seen it because a lot of the youtubers they have it on there like like studios and stuff, but Give your next one that one million subscribe. No, I will try. All right, it's gonna be in English Well, thank you so much Someone amazing with me Hello, I'm Bonnie I spent $20,000 and $50,000 But $50,000 Go get some water Whether I'm creating YouTube videos or deep in investment research Productivity boosting products are crucial and speaking of that. Here's a quick note about our sponsor today Emma Europe's top mattress seller has sold over 7 million mattresses worldwide Impressive right Emma's diamond degree tech keeps you cool in summer and cozy in winter 40% more breathable than regular memory foam. It absorbs body heat improving temperature control by 23% it combines pocket springs and six memory foam layers for strong support and pressure relief Keeping your spine aligned and reducing back pain perfect for sharing with partners family or pets without disturbance The washable outer cover and handles make it easy to maintain and move Shift rolled up and vacuum sealed it's easy for one to two people to assemble ideal for renters Pairing with the diamond memory pillow is extra comfortable Featuring greffing infused cotton for a cool breathable feel. I like my pillows high This is adjustable for height and firmness made from a hundred percent natural bamboo fiber By specter I am filled with lightweight breathable fibers easy machine washes for freshness The black diamond mattress is perfect for the weather soft yet supportive Bye bye backaches for summer deals starting at 45% off visit the link in the description or use promo code SleepTW10 for an exclusive 10% off all items combined discounts for greater savings plus enjoy a hundred day trial 10-year warranty and free delivery installation across Taiwan keep pushing forward. Thank you for watching this video Subscribe for more content like this, and I hope to see you again soon Thank you for watching and feel free to use the link in the description to join the Discord group and discuss with your friends We at OKAXBN and other big exchanges have helped you get the highest 20% off transaction fee The transaction cost will be lower if you use the link below And feel free to tell me what you want to see next. We'll keep working hard in the B circle. See you next time. Bye