 Bitcoin's going to eclipse, get over $200,000 by the end of the year. What do we have to see? Is there a sign that we have to see for all that to happen? If those three things happen, I think the $200,000 target is a lot. Every sign that I see suggests that ETFs are buying, corporations are buying, and governments are buying. You're going to see 10, maybe more, governments around the world make their first allocation to Bitcoin this year. It's happening. People aren't talking about it that much, but it's happening. I think there could be a DeFi boom at the end of this year. What is going to happen once we have a recession? Hmm. A lot of volatility in crypto and risk assets right now. We're talking about the future of prices and the markets for investors. For the next guest, Matt Hogan, CIO of Bitwise. I'm Dave Lin. Bonnie Chay, Bonnie Blockchain. Thanks for joining us, Matt. Good to see you. Thanks for having me. I'm excited to be here. Let's just get straight to it. Bitcoin. What's happening with the price currently? What's going to happen to the price in the next nine months? Yeah, our prediction is that Bitcoin is going to eclipse, get over $200,000 by the end of the year. What's happening right now is you have a huge amount of good news in Bitcoin. You have a US strategic reserve where the government now owns Bitcoin. You have improvements on the regulatory front. You have institutional adoption. You may be wondering, why aren't prices higher? The reason is we've had a bunch of economic uncertainty that's caused not just Bitcoin, but all risky assets to fall. Stocks are down substantially. So the market has dipped. But I think over time, as that economic volatility subsides, you're going to see all that good news catch up to Bitcoin. It's going to propel it to new all-time highs and indeed above $200,000 for the year. What do we have to see? Is there a sign that we have to see for all that to happen? Yeah, there are two things to keep your eye on. So one, Bitcoin's price is set by supply and demand, and we all know the supply, right? There will only be $21 million. We only make $165,000 new ones a year. So you have to watch the demand. The three things to watch are ETFs gaining inflows, are corporations like MicroStrategy and MetaPlanet continuing to buy Bitcoin, and are governments buying Bitcoin. If those three things happen, I think the $200,000 target is a lock. So I would keep your eye on that. It would help if the economy improves, if we don't enter a recession. That would help, but it's really about does the demand materialize in the way I think it will? Every sign that I see suggests that ETFs are buying, corporations are buying, and governments are buying. That's why I'm so bullish. But they have to keep buying in order for us to get to that $200,000 target. You said they keep on buying. At what scale are you talking about? Yeah. So last year, ETFs bought half a million Bitcoin. Again, remember, the Bitcoin network only produced 165,000 Bitcoin. So it bought three times the total supply. Corporations bought 250,000 Bitcoin. Governments, I think this year, could buy a couple hundred thousand Bitcoins. So I think if you look at those three sources, I think they'll buy more than a million Bitcoin this year. And where is it going to come from? The only place it can come from is people who already hold Bitcoin. The only way they will sell is if the price goes up. That's why I'm so bullish on the market. Sorry, government? Which branch of the government? Look, the US already established a strategic Bitcoin reserve, right? It already holds $17 billion in Bitcoin. And the executive order from President Trump told the Secretary of Commerce and the Secretary of Treasury to figure out ways to acquire more Bitcoin without impacting the tax holder. How could they do that? They could sell some of the gold that the US has. They could sell other crypto assets that the US has and plow that into Bitcoin. I think we're going to see that happen this year. I think the US is going to increase. And not just the US. We found out that Abu Dhabi bought half a billion dollars of Bitcoin. We've gotten calls from multiple other governments that are investigating Bitcoin. I think you're going to see 10, maybe more, governments around the world make their first allocation to Bitcoin this year. It's happening. People aren't talking about it that much, but it's happening and it's a very big deal. I want to get your comment on the crypto stockpile. Why do you think they pick Solana, Ethereum, Cardano and XRP? Yeah, first, it's important to remember that there's a difference between the strategic reserve, which is Bitcoin only, and this crypto asset stockpile. My base case is that they looked at the market and they took the largest assets. Those are essentially the largest assets, excluding a few assets, excluding Binance Coin, excluding Tron. Doge. Excluding Doge. Yes, they didn't want Doge. But it's maybe the largest US-centric blockchains. I don't think there's more to it than that. But I think the strategic reserve is the big deal. The stockpile is just going to hold those assets. The strategic reserve, I think, is going to go out into the market and end up acquiring more Bitcoin. I think that's a very big deal. What is going to happen once we have a recession? Recessions negatively impact all risk assets until the government decides to provide economic support. So Bitcoin is a risk asset? It is a risk asset in the short term. So if we look like we're driving into a recession and the government doesn't look like it's going to lower interest rates or provide quantitative easing or fiscal support, that will be negative for Bitcoin. That could send us back to the $72,000 level. It could send us potentially below that. But my guess is that governments will come in and support the economy. I think we've made it very difficult to have a real recession. I know we're talking tough in the US, but I think the government will ultimately blink. I think you'll see that in Europe. You're already seeing Germany doing that. I think you'll see that in parts of Asia. You're seeing economic stimulus in China right now. I think that's going to grow. So ultimately, I think we'll blink before we get a big recession. But if we do enter a severe recession, my $200,000 target probably won't happen. That would be challenging for Bitcoin. XRP. You filed for an XRP ETF. But let's say for the crypto community, it's not considered this sexy. That's right. I want to know your thought why XRP and maybe just a little forecast. Yeah, sure. The way I think about XRP is it's proven a few things. It's a blockchain that's worked for a very long period of time. It's extremely low cost to operate. It processes high amounts of transaction volume at very low cost. It has a strong community. The problem with XRP is it hasn't developed its primary use cases. It was designed to be a B2B blockchain, business to business transactions, international payments. That really hasn't materialized. I would argue the reason it hasn't materialized is it faced a major lawsuit from the SEC, existential regulatory threat. And now we get to see what it can do. There's no guarantee that it succeeds. I think it's entirely possible that you would come back and do an interview in two years and nothing happened on XRP. The ETF didn't gather assets and the asset is down. But I think what the crypto community misses is it's also possible that now that they're able to try to execute on their strategy, that they in fact succeed and you're seeing significant technological progress on the XRP ledger. So I would say it's a divisive coin for a reason, which is there are worlds where it amounts to nothing and worlds where it's very successful. We'll see which world materializes in the next few years. But people who guarantee it will be a huge success are wrong and people who guarantee it will go to zero are also wrong. We think it's in the middle. I'm going to send you a calendar invite. We'll interview you in two years. There you go. I'm in. To hear a follow-up. Just on the follow-up to Bonnie's question, so tell us a bit more about this ETF, actively managed, passively managed, how does it work? Yeah, so we can't talk much about the ETP beyond what's in the filing. But what's in the filing is it's an ETP that will hold XRP in cold storage. It's passively managed. It's just an exposure vehicle. Some people can buy crypto directly. That's great. We love it, particularly people who self-custody. We think that's fantastic. Other people need an ETP. And so we designed these wrappers to make it easy for traditional investors to access the space. Are people asking for it? Yeah, again, yes, absolutely. I know in crypto it's a divisive market. But the thing about divisive market is there are cadres of fans. There are people who want an XRP ETF. Absolutely. There are people who wouldn't touch it with a 10-foot pole, and there are people who will embrace it like it was a teddy bear. And I think both of those will exist in the market. Speaking of ETFs, there's a growing debate as to whether or not actively managed ETFs or passively managed ETFs will become more dominant in the future. We're not talking about specifically XRP, ETPs, or just crypto ETFs. ETFs overall, what's your viewpoint? So I am an index-based investor. My core view is that the thing I'm most confident about in crypto, more than anything else, is that crypto, the industry, will be much more important in the future than it is today, that this will be a $10, $20, $30 trillion market. That's what I feel the most confident about. If that's what you're confident about, just buy an index fund because you're going to get that 10X appreciation. You won't have to pick and choose assets. I think active will have a place too because it's definitely an inefficient market and there are very smart managers who can pick and choose assets. Those managers just aren't me. So for my bet, index-based investing is the right bet for most people. But for sure, there's going to be a vibrant active market and we know some great active managers out there. There's space for both to exist. Name coin ETFs? Basically, no. Look, I actually have a warm place in my heart for Doge, the original meme. The problem with meme coins, there are two. They come and go, they're ephemeral, and then they're controlled by insiders who rug people. Most meme coins you should avoid, like the plague. Dogecoin has been around for a while and there are no insiders. So it's fine, but it's not the future of finance. The future of finance is being built on Bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana, and a few other assets. Those are the serious assets. People could speculate on certain meme coins, but it's mostly not for me. I'm just going back to the markets for a minute. Why is Bitcoin still being treated as a leverage play on the NASDAQ? In other words, going into the future, what's going to cause a divergence between Bitcoin and traditional equities? Yeah, so interesting you ask. Here's what we see in the data. What we see in the data is that when there's a challenging moment for the NASDAQ, Bitcoin dips and then rips. What do I mean by that? If you look at all the days where the S&P 500 is down 2% or more over the last decade, Bitcoin on average is down 2.6% on those days. So it's actually worse than just holding stocks. But if you fast forward a year from there, it's up 190% on average. So I think what happens is it's, again, a risk asset. When the market goes risk off, you increase your discount factor on risk assets. And the more volatile they are, the harder they fall. But the long term tailwind is so strong that they pick back up. I actually look at those dips like the one we've seen this year, which you mentioned at the top. I think a phenomenal opportunity, because from my view, the long term outlook for where Bitcoin is going is better today than it was six months ago and better than it was two years ago. And if that's the case, this pullback is just a discount. Bitcoin's on sale. That's what I think is true. So you're buying the dip. I am buying the dip. Absolutely. But only Bitcoin though. Well, yes. I think Bitcoin has the cleanest case right now. I'm, you know, look, I'm very optimistic on Ethereum. I'm very optimistic on Solana. But I think they have more sort of wood to chop, work to do before they get out of their existential struggles. You have to see regulation pass. You have to see institutional DeFi. You have to see greater adoption. It's probably a great contrarian bet. If you're a long term investor, this is a great time to access Ethereum or Solana. If you're a short term investor, I think there could be volatility ahead. Bitcoin, I think, has clear sailing. Some of the DeFi assets, I think, have clear sailing. Those layer ones in the middle, I think, could face, you know, more months of churn. You said DeFi products. What are we talking about? Yeah. So if you look at if you look at things like Uniswap or Ando Finance or Aave, the activity on those is that all time highs. And they've proven themselves through multiple volatile markets. And the regulation is improving significantly. And so I think we're going to see people realize that those are already at all time highs. We're just not thinking about them. So as excited as we were about DeFi in 2021 and the DeFi summer, we were all thinking about those assets. People have sort of forgotten about them. But behind the scenes, their business is better than ever. It's actually growing really fast. And they actually benefit from the huge regulatory shift in Washington. I think there could be a DeFi boom at the end of this year. So if I were looking for sort of the safe play in crypto, I would look at Bitcoin. If I were looking for underloved assets that could really be revalued, I would look all the way down to things like Uniswap and Aave. I think there's a real opportunity there. Like the OG DeFi coins. Yes, absolutely. The OG DeFi coins. That's going to come from the retail side or the institutional side, you think? Well, I think a little bit of both. First retail, then institutional. I do think institutions are waking up to the fact that DeFi is a real thing and not going away. And I think Wall Street is going to start building on DeFi. So I think there'll be an institutional play. But retail will be first. Retail are the people who know those protocols and are using those protocols. And I think we'll start to look at the TVL and the trading activity and be like, wow, we're at all time highs. ETH is not at an all time high, but the activity on Aave is maybe I should think about that as an investment vehicle as well. If you could go back to your younger self and just give yourself a piece of investment advice, what would it be? Buy Bitcoin. Right, come on. We all should have done that. You know, look, the thing that we've experienced in crypto is the most important thing is to stay allocated. That would be the advice. Don't put in so much that you're going to panic if it pulls back because volatility is part of the game. You know, I've been at Bitwise now for seven years, have lived through multiple 70% drawdowns. You have to be willing to sustain those. And as we mentioned earlier, buy the dip if you can. That's really the key. But sure, if I could tell my 10 year old self to do something, it would be to buy a lot of Bitcoin and not think about it for 10 years. What would you tell your 22 year old self? Oh, man, I would start saving up money and then buy Bitcoin. I like this guy. What's next for Bitwise? Yeah, so Bitwise, you know, we're a crypto asset manager. We'll continue to launch new exchange traded funds and new exchange traded products. We've also started moving into the on chain solution space. So we're now a major player in the staking market. We think, again, crypto is going to be 10x bigger than it is today. And the world is going to want a crypto specific asset manager. So I'm always thinking about new products. And then I'm always out there on the road talking to people about the opportunities in Bitcoin and DeFi, just like what we're doing today. Well, I'm sure the audience will learn a lot. Any last questions from you, Bonnie? Just come to Asia. I would love to. It's it's it's very much on our radar. It's a very exciting market. There's this huge amount going on in many ways, steps ahead of where we are in the US. So I will. I will. And chat in two years, huh? That's right. That's already calendar. It's in the phone. 100 percent. Bonnie and I will see you there. Thanks so much. Appreciate it. Thank you.