 This is where it starts. It just shows the breadth and the depth of technology that is here in Taiwan. This is the epicenter of the world's computing industry. Did I do something wrong? I look like a kid in a room of adults. I noticed this beautiful girl in the class. I said, listen. And I went up to her. I used my superpowers. And so I just told her, you know, would you like to see my homework? Where's your watch? I don't wear a watch. Cut it out. Stop it. I have something for you. Fantastic. Wow. These are all my favorites. My gosh. Don't embarrass me. I remember the last time we had our HTD23 together. We rolled in with a beauty and a beast. It's UV. Do you remember? And the beast, the car. And that car, I have to let you know a good news about it, has been chosen by Mitsubishi to become their car. Wow. And that car will be running on the road roughly about a year from now. Wow, OK, with the lock of your brain. And in the second half of the keynote, what I would like to do is to ask you questions and let you answer. So you know, it doesn't matter what you ask. My answer is always the same. I hope I will ask. Actually, I collected a lot of questions from the industry and from people who care about you and compiled them into three categories of questions. Number one is business-related. Do you want me to start with the business-related stuff? If we start with business-related, I will go so long and then we'll end with just business-related. So let's start with business-related. I'm afraid to hear about the other two. Keeping under control, OK. But it's not the question that you thought about the business. It's not about NVIDIA chips or system business. It's about the team Taiwan. The very first question. What is team Taiwan from your point of view? Well, Taiwan is where our most important partners are. We've been coming here for 30 years. And somebody did a count. We have 350 partners here. 350? 350. Of course, I don't know them all. But apparently, either directly or indirectly, we work with some 350 companies. And you know that the technology supply chain is incredibly deep here. And it's much more complicated than people think. I made a movie the other day that I showed yesterday, and it just shows the breadth and the depth of technology that is here in Taiwan. And so as a computing company, this is the epicenter of the world's computing industry. This is where it starts. And everything from the chips, of course, to the systems. And now increasingly, the pioneering work that is being done in the automation of robotic factories and building robots. You know very well this is one of the largest electronic manufacturing regions in the world. Yes. And not only is it the largest, it's the most advanced. And the things that we build here are incredibly complicated. Now, you and I were talking about building GB200 servers. It has 1.2 million components. It weighs almost two pounds, completely liquid-cooled. Each rack is a couple of two, three million dollars. All these numbers. Yeah, and so they're not that hard numbers. And just so you know, I rounded them all. It's 1.8 tons. It's 1.12 million parts. So I rounded it up for your benefit. So anyways, the technology is incredibly complicated. In order to build one of those gray black wall racks, how many companies were involved and how much robotics technology is actually involved. So if you look at, just look at the work that we've done. In the last two years since you and I were on stage together, starting to talk about AI and robotics, since then, Foxconn is using Nvidia Metropolis for smart cities, Nvidia Metropolis for smart factories, Nvidia Isaac Groot for robotics, Nvidia Drive for autonomous vehicles, Nvidia Omniverse as the digital twin operating system for all of that. And yesterday we announced that we're going to build an AI factory for you to use, for me to use, and for Taiwan, the entire ecosystem to use. And so now Foxconn is going to be a world-class regional cloud provider, AI cloud provider. And so look at the breadth of work that we do together now. It covers literally every, not to mention for manufacturing inspection agents with computer vision and vision understanding. And so everything from agents to robots, robots with wheels, robots that are orchestrating robots to build robots. And so this is... I have seen that, robots building robots in person. This is literally Foxconn. This is Foxconn, one of the most advanced technology companies in the world. You just happen to apply technology to manufacturing. We apply technology for technology sake. You apply the technology to apply for manufacturing. And so it can't... You know, we shouldn't be surprised, but everybody should be deeply impressed by the technology of Foxconn. Thank you very much. So did you notice? I just want to demonstrate something. It didn't matter what he asked. No, I asked only one question and that question. Go ahead and ask me about my jacket. No, no, no. No, I just want to demonstrate something. Okay, okay. I'm not going to ask you about jacket. No, I just want to demonstrate. It doesn't matter what you ask. You answer the same thing. Okay. Because from there, I was going to talk about omniverse and robotics. Great salesperson. Anyway, my next question is, have you heard about TEMA? From who? T-E-E-M-A. It's an association, Taiwan Electronic and Electrical Manufacturers Association. Did I do something wrong? No. There's something he doesn't know. I was just made the chairman of TEMA. TEMA... What kind of chairman? Just made the chairman of TEMA. Congratulations. Congratulations. Did you do something wrong? I hope no. But anyway, it's a largest association in Taiwan with more than 3,000 members and accounts for over 50% of export value of Taiwan. An aggregate number of workers in Taiwan... I thought Foxconn represented 40% of export. 37%. Because our business model is worldwide, so the revenue counted in Taiwan is only about half. So TEMA is the association, I think most of the members are... Most of your suppliers are members of TEMA. With this rapid changing AI industry, what advices do you have for your suppliers in the TEMA as a TEMA member? Any advices for them? Yeah, I do. It'll come to me in just a second, but I'm just gonna have to start. I do. So let me make an observation. Let me make an observation. In fact, the vast majority of the industrial industries, the companies focused on industries, has largely been left behind during the software revolution. And the reason for that is because you're obviously industrial because you understand megatronics. You understand mechanicals, you understand chemicals, you understand the deep physics part, the sciences part of industry. That industry was formed out of the last industrial revolution. And Taiwan is excellent in those industries. But when software came, it was a brand new skill, and those skills were quite unusual and quite unnatural for these companies. Number one. Number two. First observation. The second observation is that when AI started 10 years ago, it was very interesting, but not very useful. Not very useful for the industrial companies. And the reason for that is because the AI understands English, but it doesn't understand physics, which is what you need. Everything that you do needs physical understanding, physical intelligence. When I roll a ball underneath a car, my dog knows to either go underneath the car or go around the car. But the AI thinks the ball has disappeared. Out of this universe. And so we need to have physical common sense. Now we're developing both of those things. Now, why is AI so great? The reason for that is because you teach an AI, you don't have to program an AI. Software programming skills is no longer as vital as it was before. You have an opportunity to leap the software chasm to leap the software chasm and go directly to AI. In fact, I can prove it to you. Everybody is a software programmer now. The definition of a software programmer is somebody who programs a computer to do something. That's a software programmer. Give me an example of somebody who can't tell ChatGPT to do something. And if you don't know how to even tell ChatGPT to do something, you say ChatGPT teach me how to teach you how to do something. Isn't that right? And ChatGPT writes a very nice prompt and say, try this. And I say, okay. Isn't that right? Incredible. So this computer is now intelligent and intelligent systems are easier to use. And now you have an intelligent system that's easier to use. It understands the laws of physics. We combine all of that into omniverse. See how it came back again. It came all the way back into omniverse, which you are using as a digital twin. Isn't that right? And within the digital twin, you could design your plants, you could operate your plants, you could simulate your plants and plan everything before you operated Greenfield or Brownfield. Isn't that right? And so all of a sudden, every company in Tima, every company in Tima is now a technology company. And has to be, right? Has to be a technology company. It doesn't matter what you ask me. Okay. Now if I switch to- That is a one track mind. Personal related questions. It's going to come right back to Tima. Okay. I think for Tima, I think they, I think they are very, very, very, very, very, very, very efficient. And for Tima, I think they heard it and they will have to keep up with the AI and transform themselves to have more and more software capabilities. Yeah, right. And in fact, Young, look, every company needs to do what Foxconn did. When you and I first talked about AI, you didn't talk about AI and read about AI and kept thinking about AI. You just started working on AI. You know, of course the technology two years ago is not as advanced as it is today. Right, right, but you knew that You knew that it was gonna get better. You knew that technology was gonna get better. Of course It does it's getting better at a million times every ten years a million times every ten years. It's like changing every day and It is AI is changing every single day And so but you engage it today with an expectation that these challenges that you're experiencing are gonna get solved almost by itself But you've got to get engaged right away. You've everybody has to develop develop a system We have a system available to you You bring it to your company and and you know Foxconn and I will build it for you The all the software is capable available for you We're already integrated into all of their software developers whether it's cadence or Siemens or write the soul or out of desk or whoever it is We're already working with all of your software developers. Omniverse is integrated into all of that Nemo is integrated into all of that and so you could start trying AI and it's amazing what you've produced in just the last couple of years the demos you showed me, you know your factories are basically Complete digital twins and they look so real. Yes, they look so real robots working inside it incredible So in the past we have physical factories Then we use omniverse to create digital twins. That's right And then we realize we need AI factories to support both of them That's right to make it more and more powerful And all these changes evolve so fast and the reason why it's evolving so fast it's all because that man You Create the chips learning so fast and advancing so fast every year and My next question for you. Do you see any limit in terms of a hardware speed? You know for the AI remember Moore's law ended Moore's law ended because we're at the limits of physics and so The cost of the transistors going up as it should the energy efficiency Of the transistors and the processors are not going up very fast Understandably and so we have to try different skills and different techniques and so we're developing Multi-chip packages 3d packages. Yep one way to do that The other way to do that, of course is this incredible invention called MV link Where we connect all of these chips together into one giant chip, you know, the size of the wafer is probably Yeah, and so all of these chips are working together as one We used advanced mechanical systems and liquid cooling systems to compress the systems into liquid one giant rack No, but very importantly software, you know our architecture and the algorithms that we're developing on top of it allows us to reformulate reformulate the AI models Reformulate how the work is distributed across these supercomputers The networking of course is a big big challenge and a big opportunity Opportunity instead of passing information back and forth we could do in network in fabric reduction. Yeah, and so You know, we all send our our answer together for us to Combine all the answers But why don't we just send it to the network the network combines the answers and already sends it back to us So we don't have to receive it So we reduce the amount of traffic like practically in half and so all of these clever ideas combined has allowed us to Improve AI performance tremendously, you know, people say it's about You know, I don't know 2x every six months I actually think it's probably working faster than 2x every six months at this point You know, it's probably like 2x every three months the combination of all these things. I call it full stack But basically you're innovating chips innovating systems and innovating at the data center Innovating the operating system of the data center and innovating the model all at the same time So from why you see so far Only the sky is the limit looks like it only the sky is the limit and and this is the really amazing thing young so there's the there's the computer industry that was created and remember The first time I realized this was going to be an industry Like the computer industry was going to be was when Bill Gates in one of his interviews and he was he was so young It was 1984 1984 maybe 1985 I heard an interview where he said that Microsoft is not a maker of word processors or spreadsheets It's a it's a manufacturer of software and at the time I heard it's a manufacturer of software. What does that mean? Software is so easy to manufacture you write one copy and you the rest of it is duplicated Okay, the rest of it is free And so how would you create an industry where everything that you produce is free? Well, of course he invented Licensing. Yeah, and so yeah, I didn't realize what he had in mind was a whole bunch of lawyers And um, but but more importantly what he meant was there's a methodology There's a production methodology associated with software and look at all the software they produce today It was a visionary idea and now it's a trillion dollar industry. Well our industry Remember ai is a great technology, but ai is also an industry in itself Just as software, you know, you got spreadsheets and word processor, but collectively Software is an industry in itself ai is going to be an industry. However The ai is going to be produced by factories And so now you just have to think how large is the automation agents and robots industries that will will support And every one of those agents and robots will need factories to produce the tokens for them at all times You know, I think I think that we've unquestionably discovered invented created a new Multi-trillion dollar industry, which is the reason why everybody's so excited about Excellent excellent Okay, so, you know the time is running short. I'm trying I have so many other questions I have so many other questions I can to exhaust all the time Thank you. Thank you. Then I'm gonna skip some of the technology related questions. I'm gonna go to the personal question I hope you will not be offended Okay, let's take a technology question In China everybody knows all my favorite restaurants in taiwan anyway, no, no, it's not that everybody knows where i'm going to be this afternoon It's not that you know for you know in there's a old chinese saying that every successful man Stands a terrific woman I'm not going to ask you who that woman is But I want to ask you, you know, do you I hope it's the same one I have in mind Do you want to say something to her Openly Openly I say some I say the same thing to her every day. Love you, honey And and so anyways, I met her when I was 17 years old and she was she was she had just turned 19 and um, And so so I I dated an older woman for most of most of my life What part what part of the states you met her? Oregon, Oregon. Yeah, we were lab partners in electrical engineering. Oh lab partner. There were okay So imagine the odds imagine how smart you have to be to achieve this. Okay So there are 250 students in electrical engineering fundamentals. There were only three girls. I was also So statistically impossible Not only that It is very clear who's the youngest person in class I was 128 pounds Going to college. I graduated at 132 pounds or something like that. Okay, that was 128 pounds And so I was definitely I looked like a kid When in a room of adults and so I just went up to her And uh, I noticed I noticed this beautiful beautiful girl in the class and listen and I went up to her and I I used my superpowers Superpower because I knew that I knew just looking at the audience Who everybody knows what my skills are? And so I just told her, you know, would you like to see my homework? Because I those are my superpowers The whole everybody has superpowers And so so I also told her that that I don't know what grades you have probably very good However, if you study with me every Sunday, I promise you you'll get straight A's Every Sunday and so I had a date every Sunday Oh I see. I see very smart. Yes. Yes That tells us The reason why he is so successful starts from age 17 Okay, not just now Okay, my last question for you is that Everybody is curious about your job You know everybody is curious about your jacket, but i'm not You know recently your watch is becoming very popular I don't I don't know You don't know where is your watch? I don't wear watch But on the news is that fake news? Yeah, it's fake news Oh Really? Well, that's a fake news. Then I have to tell my wife, you know, that's a fake news. I'm not going to buy you a watch at that price Okay, that's a fake news that's it no no that's fake news I don't wear watch I see no watch. I don't care about the time. I right now is all that I would care about That's why I don't wear watch. I'm 100 right here. Okay He really confused me Is that watch news a fake a fake news? It's probably a fake watch Okay, thank you. Thank you very much You know, we're very happy to have you here and uh, you know through the conversation. We know the other side of jensen and hopefully he will help you, you know to Uh to know jensen more besides His chips and his success in his business Well, my chips are pretty good and don't leave And but if I could say if I could say young, um, I am delighted by our partnership Obviously, we're manufacturing the most advanced computers the world's ever seen and ever known And and uh during our meeting yesterday Uh, one of your leaders said no one has ever manufactured systems this complicated but very importantly no one has ever Manufactured supercomputers at this rate Yes, most of the time you plan a supercomputer for three years And you build one We're cranking it out every hour And so the idea that we're doing this at the scale that we're talking about is extraordinary But that's that's the work that we do together for my benefit The thing that i'm really excited is that you then use this incredible ai technology to revolutionize transform foxcon And also to make it available for all of the taiwan researchers and students and other startups and other and all the industries I think it's it's a great example that you're showing. It's great that you're revolutionizing your own company with technology Uh, you were amazing technology company already before now. Thank you extraordinary technology company and then everything that you do for taiwan So i'm very very grateful Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you everybody. Thank you Thank you Hey rick, hey guys see you Now the real star is here. Oh cut it out Stop it. Well jensen, I I tell you number one I truly appreciate and uh All the collaboration we have here automotive iot supercomputer cloud asic I also truly enjoy your talk Back in march and yesterday and they're very different by the way They're all very different So so powerful so unrehearsed I think that's what he's trying to say Let me uh, you can never beat him But I mean uh But he oh so strikingly all the time. I told my people all the time. I don't know how you manage so many things In one year you have so many new things so products hardware software Subsystem It's easy Oh, no, tell tell us tell us would you You just tell people what you want and it happens I think we have people from nvidia here right? Hey, where are you guys? Huh? I don't I don't have to do it. I just have to have it be done Do our people understand that? Well rick, you know listen I love our partnership The fact that it matters. I bet most of the people in this audience do not know the scale of ai infrastructure media tech has And the reason for that is because they don't know the scale of the infrastructure AI infrastructure media tech house and the reason for that is because they're doing advanced research in ai developing ai models creating all this amazing technology that you could use in consumer electronics right home electronics all of the home theater technology and the super res technology and Audio technology for your cars and you're you're turning a car into a home theater and so that's that's number one is all of the ai work that we do together and and And the investment that you make and the dedication you have to ai infrastructures a lot of great ai researchers at media tech You know that right? Okay On there. Yes, exactly. That's number one number two the work that we do in the automotive industry together and and i'm really delighted by that and I I really do hope that the The incredible multimedia technology you put into home theaters around the world for us and can go into cars And then we work in of course This revolutionary product we called dj x spark Now the cpu and the gpu are both state-of-the-art But what's amazing is that you saw it they abut together using this mv link. Yes. In fact that project Inspired us to think of mv link fusion The fact of the matter is we were able to work together In creating this chip and the chip is state-of-the-art it came up and running in the first day it's running at full speed the performance is incredible and You know, it's going to be a miracle when we go to production people are going to be shocked at what it can do now remember a 200 million parameter model runs on this thing and 200 million parameters if you connect two of these dj x sparks together, it's 400 because it's multiplied by two and It's incredible and so so I think that that um, the the big idea is this Look the personal computers here Mobile devices are here. We already have our personal devices But in the world of ai native applications, the only way to enjoy ai is connected to the cloud There is no way to have well rich ai, you know 200 million parameter ai large language models generative models that are fairly significant The only way to do that is in the cloud. So we've we decided that we should build a personal device a personal computer for the ai First world and that's what dj x park is if you're a developer it connects to you Just like you connect to the cloud When you're done developing you could host it and you know all of your applications just like that as if it's in cloud And so every ai developer is going to want one of these every student researcher 30 million of them around the world. We're going to produce, you know dj x sparks and high volume Which is the reason why we needed so many parts We got so many people excited about it that all of the world's oems are going to be part of the distribution channels They're all going to be doing differentiated versions of it taking it to market. And so we have dj x spark, but the idea the big idea is anv link fusion, you know as you know ai is a very different computing model Whereas hyperscale are few applications running in a virtualized on in a virtualizer on a virtualized environment hypervisor On one computer one cpu, but in the world of ai. It's a whole bunch of computers working together to generate To reason to think to answer your query And so all of these computers are working together in such a way as to respond smartly and quickly And meanwhile, you're not the only customer of that cloud So a whole bunch of other customers are using that same computer And so notice the difference is not only virtualizing one computer, but it's really about sharing a Distributed high performance computer Distributed high performance computing ai supercomputer and so the computing model is different and we invented this fabric called mv link Connected to either infiniband or connected to spectrum x so that we could scale Up the computer make it large and scale out the computer for distributed computing. And so this fabric is foundational to Nvidia's ai leadership. This is how we went from being a processor company to being a ai infrastructure company or ai data center company And so this value this incredible capability Is what makes makes it possible for us to do what we do Well, what we decided to do was to open this infrastructure So you can connect to nvidia's scale up mv link scale out spectrum x and scale out in infiniband Using a chip to chip chiplet that we work on together And so whether you're you decide to connect the cpu to that or decide to connect the asic to that You're you can now connect your intellectual property your differentiation into our fabric and so Whether it's whether it's from the customer's perspective. They have the benefit now of accessing this incredible technology Or from our perspective our ecosystem could be connected to anybody's ecosystem And so it's a win-win for everybody. And so anyways, that's the that's the big idea And everybody's so surprised that nvidia would open this intellectual property to everybody which is a statement About how incredibly valuable it is. This is the fifth generation mv link and mv link is not just You know ethernet with light protocol Okay, and mv link is is the ultimate computing fabric And that's why we're very excited and because we have now really a strong Relationship to work together You probably don't know jennison our engineers really despite the challenges and the Difficult things to do that cpu, but they really enjoy working with you people They enjoy the open because we're really nice communication Yeah, yeah It's uh, I want to say this. I mean you guys all know that right because we're really nice Look you make sure you tell your engineers, okay No, they're not nice. I'm nice. I'm just no Look here you see Look here's the the thing is the thing that's really a big idea Is we went from being a computer company what we're doing together now is building the ai infrastructure for the planet every Company will have ai factories. Of course you have one Every industry will have ai infrastructure There will be ai infrastructure across the world This is such a gigantic initiative and You started you started building Custom asics and I think you by the way me and a Texan is incredible at collaboration The fact that the matter is we put these two chips together the fact that either chip Individually works is a miracle in itself combining the two of them together, you know when you have You know 10 working probability and added to 7 percent Mine's the 10 percent yours the 7 percent and you put the two of them together I'm just kidding. So so anyways when you take two complex things and you put them together The likelihood of it working is extremely small and yet the interface is Right. It's state-of-the-art. Okay, and so So so the the ip that you guys have all of the certies all of the design methodology Remember these two chips worked first time These two chips worked first time built in two different companies coming together fuse together not connected over pci express Fused together in a common package. There's zero percent chance. It was going to work Other than you I just didn't want to say it out loud in the beginning until it Until I was proven wrong and so but anyways the The two engineering teams really love working with each other because they're so powerful Excellent. And so I I love the fact that you're you're building semi semi custom a6 and all these Accelerators for the world's hyperscalers the the thing that we're doing together in addition to that is we're essentially building semi custom AI infrastructure. Yes And so now at the whole data center scale, we have a fabric This mv link and spectrum x mv link and quantum, right? Either one whichever you you choose um, but you have this mv link fabric that you can now plug our gpus into your cpus into Their a6 into my cpus and we could create essentially a semi custom infrastructure And then we'll you know, the next step is just blanket the planet with it Wings hear that that's how easy it is some like Let me see now I can Steal at least half of your word This guy is a ii infrastructure guy Remember yesterday i'm a construction worker. Yeah Where are some my infrastructure guys? All right, it's so nice to have you here again jensen, I truly appreciate your support Help. I love our partnership to our company to our people engineers. They love it Thank you and uh, thank you very much. I've been working with rick since my 20s Really? Or how old was I or how young was I? No, actually, it's not far off. I've been working with with rick since my 30s. Yeah. Yeah, my early 30s. Yeah, it was a great memory, but also great achievement that I personally kind of Watch and admire. Thank you. And uh when I started working with rick. He's younger than I am now Well, I take that as a compliment, okay So in return for your compliment I have something for you. Yes and today now Remember today today now remember, uh March gtc time you served me with a delicious wonderful rich pancake with sausage From danish remember that Yes, I had him. That's my specialty. Yeah, he's special. Yeah, he came out in red apron with danish I don't know who he worked for but danish danish I took a big bite. I enjoyed it. But yeah, I didn't take the second bite because everybody else was kind of a put up over there I thought I want to show my Composure not not just walloping The whole the whole thing so but it's a great it's great I do have something for you here today We all know what jensen likes the best in taiwan 9 market One of the best Other than the business 9 market, right? One of your favorite as in the the fruit lady The lady of aunt chen, right? Zheng ayi her fresh fruits of the day today No way No way I have tomato. Oh fantastic I have oh wow. Wow. These are all my favorites And I have wava. Oh my gosh all in the original package Okay, you can see this is our taiwan 9 market package Which no remarketing, okay other than of course, wow So jensen, I want to offer you this got me all excited. I thought I was gonna get like a bottle of fine whiskey or something I need to apply for that budget But I think thanks for that hey, this is really thank you wonderful thing. This is a treasure thing. Thank you I think we need to pick up this picture. This is a this is a real treasure. Hang on a second. Let me let me take this out This green mango is so good you guys have any westerners here I this is treasure right here. This is gold Yeah, she's terrific if you don't if you don't yeah go go see her her name is uh fruit lady Everybody calls her fruit lady now apparently she and she has uh gone on to tremendous stardom Yeah, jensen in addition to enabling The ai infrastructure big sucker But also enabling many small businesses like the uh, fruit lady restaurants. You just talked about the flowers Flowers he he couldn't get a onion. Yeah, he couldn't get a reservation because they are all full by our local Clients, right true. And so I just dropped in without without uh Without a reservation and all the people who are not interested in the I just dropped in without without uh, without a reservation and all of the customers are so nice They are rearranged themselves so I could sit down And they everyone took a picture with you I took a picture with everyone That is authentic jensen. I Oh, I didn't say that but I want to say in public. I really don't embarrass me authenticity I mean authentic When you said that word yourself approachable Everyone well not today. No, no, okay But when you see him On the street take a picture Well again, thank you so much, I hope you enjoy the media tech story today And also enjoy jensen here today. It's wonderful Thank you wonderful help to us. Thank you and and I want to thank media tech and all your engineers the management team It really is you are really genuinely a world-class company And it's uh, the technology you have The collaboration spirit Uh, the just the can-do attitude and quite frankly the fact that you build it right the first time You know, these are all things that are that are really genuinely world-class Great. Thank you. We will do better Thank you Thank you. Thank you Thank you rick