 When you put a bunch of regulators together in a room, what do they come out with? Hyper regulatory solutions. What happens when three SEC regulators walk into a bar? Okay, well, there's this talk about if something is security or not. But why does it matter to me? I think regulatory framework can sort of serve as a barrier to entry. It can fence in incumbent firms and make it very hard for anyone else to do anything because there's so many prescriptive rules. You can buy a pair of shoes that is in the line of an athlete that you really like and you're buying it not because the shoes are so comfortable, but because you think that athlete is cool. And that doesn't make the shoe a security, right? You can transfer value in the same way that you've been able to transfer information now. And that's been so powerful to us, right? The internet has done amazing things for us as a society because you can so easily transfer information. And the idea that now you can do the same thing with value is really potentially life-changing. This is one of the things that's really bothered me in the crypto space is... Changing tides in the administration have meant new regulations for crypto industries. Now, what is next for regulations? We're here to talk about this theme with our next guest, Hester Peirce. She is a commissioner of the US Securities and Exchange Commission, unofficially and warmly dubbed Crypto Mom. Thank you very much for joining the program. I'm joined by... Bonnie Che. Krishna Peirce. It's a great honor to finally speak with you in person. I've had you on the show recently and I'm looking forward to getting your thoughts on the crypto task force and what's next. I want to start with a story that you told at your remarks at SEC Speaks on May 19th. It was incredible. Can you tell the story and why it motivates you? Sure. Bonnie, David, thank you for having me. It's great to be here. I've got to start with my disclaimer, which is my views are my own views as a commissioner, not necessarily those of the SEC or my fellow commissioners. I told the story of an old man named Samuel Whittemore, who was a farmer at the time of the American Revolution. When the American Revolution started, he actually got out there, even though he was 80 years old or just about 80 years old, he got out there and he got right into the fight and he shot some British soldiers. Then he himself got bayoneted and stomped. They tried to kill him basically and left him for dead. He ended up living another 20 years after that. We had in our family, passed down was his teacup that he had... It was missing its handle because he had buried it in his backyard when the Boston Tea Party happened and the tea taxes were there. He said that he would not stand for that. He would not drink tea until that issue was resolved. What I wanted to say in that speech is, it's right around Memorial Day, which is when we think about our American soldiers who have fought for us and other military folks who have fought for us and for our freedom. The idea is that there are a lot of people who have really fought for the freedom of this country. We want to make sure that we take advantage of what they fought for, which is the freedom to speak, the freedom to think for ourselves. I think that is a lot of what's underlying the movement around trying to decentralize things, trying to figure out ways that you can interact directly with your peers. I think there's some of that ethos that really is consistent with what our country is built on. Well, you are the head of the new crypto task force. Tell me about the genesis of this task force and leading up to its priorities right now. Yes, we're about four months in right after the inauguration. The then acting chairman, Mark Ueda, set up the crypto task force and put me in charge of it. It's continued now that the new chairman, Paul Atkins, has come in. The idea is to take a look at the crypto policy at the SEC and really try to figure out a way forward that is very different than what we were doing before. Before, we were using enforcement actions to set policy. Now, what we're trying to do is figure out first where our authority lies, what sits within that authority, tell people if things are outside that authority, and then work on the things that are within that authority, work on making sure that those are regulated in a way that recognizes the unique characteristics of the technology and also recognizes the objectives of the securities laws. Is this crypto task force changing any of the frameworks with which the SEC makes decisions on certain tokens or cryptos? For example, we've had a guest on yesterday who criticized the Howey test as being outdated, something used in the 30s for bushels of wheat that are no longer really applicable for tokenized assets in today's digital economy. Well, I think it's kind of funny that you mentioned framework because I think one of my criticisms has been that we really haven't had a clear framework and that's really what we're trying to develop here. The Howey test is important because we have a definition of security that includes lots of different things, and one of those things is investment contract. That is how a lot of the crypto offerings have been analyzed using the investment contract analysis that was found in the Howey Supreme Court case. Is that case outdated? I mean, I would argue that it actually can stand the test of time. It had to do with, as everyone knows, Orange Groves was what was at issue in the Howey case itself. But since then, it's been used to cover a lot of different types of assets that are sold in connection with promises. Crypto can function in that same way. I think what's unusual is that crypto assets themselves have been trading on secondary markets in a way that other objects of investment contracts just typically haven't done in the past, and that's really posed some challenges for us as we think about how the Howey framework applies to crypto assets. So I think that's a challenge for us. It's a challenge for Congress to think about. I would argue that we could provide more clarity around what an investment contract is, and I think that would be good not only for crypto but more broadly so that people could understand really what instances are pulled into the securities laws by the investment contract term. What are the differences between security and investment contract? So an investment contract is one subset of a security. So you've got stocks, bonds, and you also have investment contracts. And so it's really designed to get at instances where someone is saying, give me your money, invest it in this common enterprise, we'll build something together, and you will build something and you just sit back, you don't have to do anything, and you will benefit from the efforts of us, the promoter, as we build something. And so it's really designed to capture that kind of thing, which is a little bit harder to pin down than something like a share of stock. So investment of money with the expectation of profits based on the efforts of someone else. You know how a lot of crypto projects, they promise you very early on as an angel investor that we're going to do this together. So in this definition, that would be an investment contract. But then later on, it becomes decentralized. So there'll be a time when it's no longer this contract. So, Bonnie, I think you're putting your finger on the big issue here, right? So what happens when someone is trying to get a token out there into the world and get lots of people buying it? Because that's what generates the network effects. So what has happened over time is we've moved away from the broad retail offerings of these things. We've started, you've seen people start with, as you said, it'll be venture capitalists or other wealthy accredited investors, right? And they'll get the initial token or they'll get a promise of getting tokens later. And then once the network is more developed, it is sold more broadly. And the question becomes, how does the investment contract, that promise to build out the network that was made to those initial venture capital investors, does that track along with the token or is the token a separate thing? And so I think that's the million dollar question. Have there been instances in which the SEC and the CFTC have had discussions over what constitutes either a security and or a commodity and whether or not something falls under the jurisdiction of the SEC and the CFTC? And ultimately, how have those discussions been resolved? Yeah, I mean, we talk all the time with our fellow regulators at the CFTC and across the government. So, I mean, these are questions that we have to figure out. I think you can have something that starts out, is sold in a transaction that we regulate, that ultimately, and this depends too on what Congress does, that ultimately will end up trading on platforms that the CFTC regulates. But there's market structure legislation, as you know, that's being worked on. And so that will be worked out. But, you know, the CFTC and the SEC have a lot of areas of common jurisdiction or where our jurisdictions bump up against each other because we're unusual in the US in that we have two separate regulators. And so it's very common for us to have products that people, for there to be products out there and people say, well, is it CFTC regulated or is it SEC regulated? Those conversations are very common in crypto and elsewhere. I think a lot of people want to know, okay, well, there's this talk about if something is security or not. But why does it matter to me? Yeah, I mean, that's a good question. And I think the reason that it matters is because if something is a security, it triggers all kinds of other obligations for anyone who touches and interacts with it. So if you're a trading platform and something is a security, you have to register with us as an exchange or there's an exchange light, the ATS that you can register as. And if you're helping people, if you're a financial professional helping people engage with crypto, you need to know whether it's a security because the rules are different depending on whether it's a security. I think, though, what we really want to figure out is what protections does it make sense to apply, right? Does it make sense for the securities laws to apply? And if you are offering someone something that is a share of an enterprise, right, we would think, okay, the securities laws should apply because that's what happens. That's what that framework is designed for. And so trying to figure out does it make sense for these things to be within that framework. And that really is a facts and circumstances question. So we are trying to build a framework that enables people to know and not spend hours and days and lots of money with expensive lawyers, trying to figure out whether something is a security or not, but really to have clarity and then be able to move forward with building the project. Similar line of questioning is Bonnie. So on that note, some recent statements you made regarding what is a security and what isn't. So at the same speech that Bonnie referenced earlier, the SEC Speaks event, you stated that NFTs don't qualify as securities because they don't reflect interest in a business. So is this a recent change? And if so, how should NFT creators now approach their projects? Well, I'm glad you asked the question again. It's a facts and circumstances question, right? But what I was talking about in that speech is if you have an NFT that is designed so an artist creates something and the NFT is programmed so that it kicks royalties back to that initial artist throughout the life of the NFT, that doesn't pull it into the securities framework. So you can have those kinds of NFTs that are outside. You could though tokenize a share of stock that could be an NFT, right? But that would obviously still be a security. So it does matter what it is. But I think what I would have liked the SEC to do many years ago was to put out some guidance for NFT creators because I think there was a lot of interest in using NFTs to figure out how to monetize people's creative abilities. And I think that was slowed by the fact that people were unsure about what the security status was. We brought some well-known cases in this area. And so I think there was a lot of uncertainty. So I do want us to provide some clarity. Obviously, a speech from one commissioner is not the way to do that. But I think what we're trying to do is we're trying to start by laying out some of these concepts. And ultimately, you've seen that we've put out some staff guidance on a number of issues. And ultimately, where we hope to get is to put things out in a way that's more durable in a commission statement and thinking about commission rulemaking where that's appropriate as well. And obviously, legislation will be helpful to really make things more permanent. When you come up with a framework, how do you balance killing innovation versus protecting investors? Yeah, I mean, the goal is obviously of any regulatory framework is to bring a level of certainty and confidence to investors so that they can engage in a marketplace without worrying that they can't rely on what other people are saying to them. So that's kind of the purpose. And within that framework, if investors are willing to invest, then you're able to get capital flowing. And I think that's why US capital markets have been so successful is people have been able to rely on the financial statements that companies put out. They've been able to they know that if a company in raising money lies to them, there is recourse. And so that's healthy to have that environment. But if you if you have an environment that then requires someone every time she's trying to iterate to get to fit within a framework that works for incumbents but doesn't allow anything new, then you don't get any innovation. So a regulatory framework can sort of serve as a barrier to entry. It can fence in incumbent firms and make it very hard for anyone else to do anything because there are so many prescriptive rules. And so I think it's trying to have a principles based approach where you don't say you have to do things in this particular way, but you say this is the objective that we have. You can choose your way of achieving that objective. And so I think that's kind of the way to balance to allow new things to come in. That's hard for regulators. I mean, we've seen that in areas other than crypto record keeping rules, something very mundane. If we specify how records have to be kept, well, that old technology gets embedded into the rules. Meanwhile, the firm is off using a much better technology to keep records, but they've got to have their one set of records for record keeping purposes for themselves. And then the other set is what they do for the regulators using the old technology. That doesn't make sense. And so I think where we can to pull out the technology specific requirements out of rules, that can be helpful. And then also just remembering the ethos, right? This going back to your first question, right? The American ethos is to say that people have freedom to do things. And so the presumption should be that people have freedom to do things. And only should there be a regulation stepping in when it makes sense to overcome that presumption because there's some overriding investor protection concern or market stability concern. I believe in a recent speech and correct me if I'm paraphrasing you incorrectly, Commissioner Purce, but you said that technical participation and proof of stake systems do not fall under securities guidelines. Is that correct? And what do you mean by that? So I think there's been a lot of uncertainty around whether you can run a staking program and whether that somehow gets pulled into the securities laws. And so it's offering a technical service like helping other people to stake, in my view, does not constitute a securities offering. What exactly is technical participation in this context? So, I mean, people can stake themselves, right? Individuals can stake their own eth, for example. But often they'll go to someone else to help them do that staking, right? They want technical help in staking. They want to be pulled with other, maybe they don't have enough to stake on their own, so they want to be pulled with other people to stake. So those kinds of services that are offered, I would argue, don't fit within. How does that change institutional staking overall? Does that open a lot of doors for a lot of this kind of participation? I mean, how do you see this industry changing? Well, I think the goal, in my view, of providing clarity in this area is to make sure that we're not dissuading people from staking because they worry that somehow they're going to trip the securities laws. OK. So, I mean, you can craft almost anything to be a securities offering. So it does matter how you do it. But I think that it makes sense for people to know that there are ways to offer staking programs without that tripping the securities laws. And that's an area where we can provide more guidance, I think. Another one of those areas. We should have provided guidance earlier. So we put out a statement, the staff of the Division of Corporation Finance at the SEC put out a statement on mining. And I think there are similar issues in mining and staking. I think you did say most cryptoasset today are not securities. What do you mean by that? So when you think about what cryptoassets are out there, most of them are not, you know, they're not tokenized securities, right? They're not. They're just they're collectibles, they're utility tokens of some sort. And most of those just don't on their own implicate the securities laws. Now, again, you can take anything. You can take a chinchilla and you can sell it in a way that that chinchilla becomes part of a securities offering. Same with a cryptoasset. But I think when you look at most of them, I mean, we're here at the Bitcoin conference, right? Bitcoin, you look at that not a security. And so when I when I just look across the landscape of assets, I come to a very different conclusion than some others at the SEC in the past have come to. I really don't think most of these are securities. Now, that said, I think as we open the doors for more engagement on tokenization of traditional securities, I think we're going to see a real uptick in the number of cryptoassets that are securities because you're tokenizing something like a bond or like an equity. And that is a security. It was a security when it wasn't tokenized and it will be when it is tokenized. Can I use this example? So a lot of retail investors, they'll look at Vitalik, for example, and be like, oh, he's doing this thing. I think it looks good. I'm going to buy some Ethereum. Or they look at Anatoly and he comes up with this new idea. I'm going to buy this token. Does that mean there are some elements of security in it? Well, I don't think that you can say that that any product that you buy because there is someone who's highly involved with that product and highly associated with that product, that that makes the product a security. You know, you can buy a pair of shoes that is in the line of an athlete that you really like and you're buying it not because the shoes are so comfortable, but because you think that athlete is cool. And that doesn't make the shoe a security. And so I think we have to we have to. This is one of the things that's really bothered me in the crypto space is we've just taken such a broad reading of the securities laws to pull this stuff in in ways that I don't think makes sense. I do think there are instances when the securities laws make sense to apply, and that's where we should think about applying them. But, you know, the fact that you're buying a product because someone that you admire or that you think is smart is working on it doesn't necessarily make it a security. Bitcoin Asia 2025 is happening August 28th and 29th in Hong Kong, and Eric Trump will be there along with some of the biggest names in Bitcoin. It's set to be the biggest Bitcoin event in Asia this year. And the best part, the general tickets are free. Pearl and Wellpasses are on sale, but prices will go up soon. If you're thinking about going, grab yours now. Link is in the description. I want to talk about some ETF offerings now. So the SEC recently postponed a few ETF offerings, including Litecoin, XRP. And I think it does the last night Bitwise's attempt to convert its crypto index into an ETF. So some investors are frustrated by this delay. Can you just walk us through the decision making process here? Well, so I did warn people at the outset of this crypto task force project that people would be frustrated. And this is definitely manifesting itself this week. I've heard a lot of complaints. And I think the point to remember is that there are a lot of very, we're a bureaucracy at the SEC, right? There are a lot of rules that have to be adhered to and their processes. And so we're working through, we've gotten a lot of applications on the ETP side, on the exchange traded product side. And so we're working through those. But we have to do that in a way that will definitely frustrate people. Just to be clear, you're not ruling out these listings, right? No, I think we're not ruling out the listings. And even when you see delays, you shouldn't assume that that's ruling it out. That's, you know, there are just technical reasons for having to do that. Just to follow up on that, you've previously criticized ETF management or ETF listings by the SEC as being terribly mismanaged. Can you just elaborate on what you mean by that and how you plan to fix that mismanagement? Well, I think when you look at what happened with the Bitcoin exchange traded product, that saga, right, it was a 10 year saga. And when I came into the SEC in 2018, that was when we disapproved the Winklevoss ETP. And then it took us until how many years later? When did we finalize that? You know, a number of years later, right? Many years later by the time we got to final. But what I thought had happened in the interim was it was just us looking for one excuse after another to say no. And the target kept moving of, oh, well, you give us this information. Now we want this information. And I think people had spent, they were very frustrated because they had spent a lot of money doing analysis of why these fit within how we had thought about other types of ETPs in the past. And so I really just think we should have a regular order way of doing this. People should know what the standards are. And that's where we want to get. And so that is where we're trying to get so that people have a clear idea of what standards we're using to analyze these things. And then they can do the analysis and they can present it to us. And so that I think will be helpful. It took a court to force our hand. That was what ultimately led those to go out. And so it shouldn't come to that. And the reason the court came in is because they said you weren't following procedure that made sense. And so we're working on developing a procedure that makes sense. But I will say, you know, a lot of these come in and our staff has to look at each one of them, even for things like, did you, you know, is there enough information here for us to make a decision? And so that's a lot of work for the staff. And I think that's part of why things take a long time, because all of this is coming in. Our staff is working on lots of other things, and so that is why it's taking a little while. Yes. Take me back to the moment when you learned about crypto or were you kind of forced to learn about crypto because of all these laws or regulations? No, I learned about crypto before I got to the SEC. I learned about it from a colleague at a prior job who was very interested in crypto. And what I thought was exciting about it is this idea that you can transfer value in the same way that you've been able to transfer information now. And that's been so powerful to us, right? The Internet has done amazing things for us as a society. There's some negatives, too, but it's done amazing things because you can so easily transfer information. And the idea that now you could do the same thing with value is really potentially life changing. Now, maybe not for as much for people in a society like the United States, but there are other places where having that ability to do that is really life transforming. So I think that was what first interested me about it. I did not anticipate having so much of my work consumed by thinking about how we can set the rules for it. But I was definitely taken by that dramatic change in the way our society can work. A lot of lawmakers are looking at what you say for, let's say, a lawmaker that doesn't know, really know what's going on or doesn't really know how to proceed. What is your suggestion? Well, I think the first thing is just as you're looking at this issue, remember basic American principles. So freedom is really important for people and this is a freedom enhancing technology. And so think about that aspect of it. And then I would say, think about applying what are you trying to get at at the end of the day, right? If we decide that we want a regulatory framework for any or all of this, think about what the objectives are. And try to write your rules, your statutes in a way that's as principled as possible so that you're not micromanaging the industry. Because if you micromanage it, we don't know how it will develop. And if you micromanage it, it can't develop in the way that it would organically develop in response to what people want and need. And so keep it as focused on objectives instead of on micromanaging principles, micromanaging like prescriptions, I should say. My last question is, while developing this version in Crypto Task Force, are you looking at other countries' crypto regulations and frameworks as a model? Anything or anyone in particular stand out to you? Well, I think there are different elements that we can take from different places. I mean, the SEC has been very slow to the game. So we do have models that we can look at, whether that's in Japan or whether that's in Europe or the UK. Singapore has been much more willing to allow experimentation. There are things that we can draw from that. And I think we can also, going later has the advantage of seeing what doesn't work. I am watching what's happening in Europe with the different implementation of MECA across different jurisdictions to see what works. And so, yeah, we're certainly trying to draw from that. And then we're also looking for opportunities to work with other jurisdictions. I've suggested having the ability to run experiments cross-border. So that might enable companies to try things in different jurisdictions that will provide more feedback to us as regulators. So I think there's a lot that can be done. We have to continue to cooperate. We work together bilaterally with jurisdictions, but also through multilateral organizations. I think some of that work can be positive. Some can be negative when you put a bunch of regulators together in a room. What do they come out with? Hyper regulatory solutions. So I think we have to take some of it with a grain of salt. What happens when three SEC regulators walk into a bar? Exactly. That should be the opening of a new joke. Thank you very much, Commissioner Peirce. It was an honor meeting you. Thanks, Bonnie. Thank you.