 Bitcoin will continue to grow as digital capital. It'll serve as a long-term store of value for the world. Right now it's 0.1% of the world's assets. It's about $1.4 trillion out of $900 trillion. It's big in crypto economy, but it's fairly small in mainstream economy. I think the entire worldwide addressable market for store of value for long-term capital is about $450 trillion. 1.4 out of $450 trillion. I expect Bitcoin will grow progressively to be 7% of the assets of the world, not 0.1%. When it gets to 7%, it'll be $13 million a coin. That's over 21 years. By the year 2045. I think right now it's been growing for the last four years. It's been up about 50% a year. It's gradually decelerating its growth rate because as it gets bigger and as it gets more widely adopted and the law of large numbers kicks in, it should decelerate. If you look back over the last 100 years, the US dollar money supply expands about 7% a year. I'm just thinking it'll continue for the next 20 or 30 years at that trend. Once you crank in that number and some assumptions about inflation and technology, the conclusion is all the other asset classes will grow plus or minus a few percent. Equity will grow a bit faster. Real estate about the same, perhaps gold slower. Bitcoin will grow faster because it is demonetizing gold, demonetizing real estate, demonetizing certain equity indexes, and demonetizing corporate bond portfolios. These are all things that wealthy people store their wealth in in order to just keep it. If you see Bitcoin is going 50% to 45% growth to 40% growth to 35% growth to 32% growth to 30% to 28% to 25%, at some point it's approaching the returns of the S&P index or equity indexes. They've been like 10% to 12%. Bitcoin is moving toward that. Those companies are going to buy Bitcoin and as they buy Bitcoin they're going to actually merge. These two lines of what we'll call traditional capital, which is diversified equity portfolios, and digital capital, which is what Bitcoin is, they're moving toward each other. The volatility of conventional corporations is the VIX. If you study the VIX and it's like 15, 16. The volatility of Bitcoin is what we call devol. It's like 55. The devol is moving toward the VIX and when Bitcoin is a 200 trillion dollar asset class, you know, maybe the Bitcoin volatility is 20 and the VIX is 15, Bitcoin is always going to be a bit more volatile. It's always going to be performing a bit more because it's global, open 24-7, pure digital capital, and it strips away the risk factors of companies, corporations, and it strips away the risk factors of property, right, of real estate. That's why it's going to outperform. I've explained why it's more volatile because it's always going to be more tradable, more global. Some guy can short it with 100x leverage in Singapore at midnight. That's illegal in New York to do with equity. So the point is there are some things you can do with Bitcoin you'll never do with traditional assets, but when you crank all that in, and I did it in a model, it's called the Bitcoin 24 model. You can Google Bitcoin 24 and if you Google it, you'll find a link to GitHub and you can go download the Bitcoin 24 model and you can put in all your own assumptions for all these macroeconomic factors and all these technical factors and you can run your own micro models for your family and your corporation and your country. So don't take my word for it. Try it out yourself, but if you download Bitcoin 24 or you look at my assumptions, my assumptions are basically those things and the result that pops out is Bitcoin on average over the 21 years has an annualized rate of return of 29% and that 29% just it grows with volatility up to 13 million of Bitcoin. So you can if you wanted to figure out how much will you have in 10 years, you could download the model and put in your assumptions and look at the 10 year point. Maybe you're more bearish. The bear case would be only 3 million a coin and the bull case is 49 million a coin. Everyone can have their own assumptions, but I you know, I think if you want something simple, if you want to reduce or a simple sentence, I would say if you're a young person, every Bitcoin you buy today is probably worth 13 million dollars in US dollars in 21 years. So if you can get 5 Bitcoin, you would have 65 million. Now it won't buy as much in 21 years as it buys today, but it'll buy a lot. It'll buy, you know, it'll buy a lot. I mean, consumer products will will appreciate it 2 or 3% a year or they'll get cheaper because of technology. And on the other hand, Palm Beach real estate, if you want a beach house in the Hamptons or Palm Beach or you want the best condo in the middle of the biggest city, that's going to go up 7%, you know, 6, 7%. So, you know, you kind of you want to beat the 7% if you want to buy rich things, expensive things, you want to beat the 2% if you want to buy the cheap things. And I think Bitcoin kind of beats everything. So that's why it's a pretty good idea.