 Worst case scenario for strategy, in order for the strategy model to break, I think something with Bitcoin needs to break. What causes the price drop? You've got $5 billion of volatility junkies that are out there pumped that the price of the stock is going down and they're continuing to short it. There are periods of time where it will underperform. A lot of people are speculating like once these companies go below 1MN, they're not going to be able to do things. Well, that's just false. It's false because it's... If you're the 400th largest publicly traded company in the S&P 500 and you get disrupted by AI and your stock falls and you have no balance sheet because you issued dividends and you did stock buybacks, what do you do? You're dead. I look at MSTR very similarly to the way I look at Bitcoin. This is a duration asset. I want to hold this for forever because I personally believe this company is going to be the largest company on the planet. I'm going to ask you a question. What's the point of holding an equity? It's such a pleasure to have Jeff Walton with us. I actually personally met him at the Sailor Party. We can talk about that later. Hello. Hello. How are we doing? We're doing great. We're doing good. It's so good to see you again. Yeah, absolutely. Great to see you. So I remember we're at the party and we were lining up to take pictures and you and your lovely wife were behind me. Me and my mom. And we started talking. What a small world. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. I met David Lin at that party and then we later hosted two conferences together. So I feel like people who went to that party, like they are just working on Bitcoin in so many different aspects. And it's such a beautiful thing what Michael Sailor did. Yeah. It's really inspiring, isn't it? I went into that party knowing that I was going to quit my job too. So it was one of these amazing moments to be able to lean in and see this is what the opportunity is and meet people and talk to people that are operating and working in the space. And yeah, it was an amazing event. When you talk about quitting job, can you tell us the story? What was the transition? Yeah. So I was working in reinsurance. I was a reinsurance broker. So I sold insurance to insurance companies and I did that for 11 years. So it's a very niche area of the capital markets. What I did is I effectively looked at an insurance company's balance sheet and identified areas of volatility. And I would sell those pieces of volatility to global diversified insurance companies, hedge funds and capital providers. And it was a slog. I worked really long hours, late nights, did a lot of marketing and traveling, going to see different capital providers. And you're really subject to the industry environment and the macro environment. And it was really difficult. I was just working harder and harder and harder. And I wasn't going any further in my career. I was finding new opportunities and working on interesting things. But I saw a lot of issues in the industry and the capital space that could be fixed or addressed with Bitcoin. Name one. Long duration liabilities. So health care costs. If you've got a worker's compensation, somebody slips and falls and you've got to pay for their health care for 10 years. If your assumption on the cost of that health care is off by 25 basis points, your whole business model is upside down. And the insurance industries themselves, they hold assets to meet future liabilities and they have no ability to get Bitcoin exposure. They get zero credit from the rating agencies if they hold Bitcoin, which is the primary hedge that they need to protect against these long term liabilities. So that was one of the big problems and challenges I was seeing in the industry, aside from the fact that most of the industry laughed at me when I brought up the concept of Bitcoin. And I saw a lot of opportunity in this space. So I quit my job in February and wanted to deploy my energy towards Bitcoin somehow. I didn't know exactly how. I was looking at different opportunities and exploring different things. Luckily, my investment in MicroStrategy put me in a place where I felt comfortable taking time and observing the landscape and figuring out what was best for me. And that was where the opportunity with Strive came up. And now the VP of Bitcoin Strategy at Strive. Congratulations. Thank you. And looking at running the strategy playbook and identifying opportunities in the capital space to keep pushing forward. And in this corporate adoption of Bitcoin and securitizing Bitcoin and operating a Bitcoin Treasury strategy. Michael Saylor is such a genius. He came up with all these different products. You are very familiar with all of his product. He used to use a lot of convertible bonds. But this year, 2025, it's the year of preferred stock. Perpetual preferred stock. Exactly. It sounds scary. It's like forever. You got to pay dividends forever. Can you break it down for us? How is that better than CBs? If you just think about the concept of the debt, convertible bond has a maturity. So let's just say you take on $2 billion of debt. At a future point in time, let's say the duration is four years, six years, or eight years, you've got to pay back that $2 billion maturity. With the convertibles, they have the ability to convert into equity. So there's a little bit less risk on that side when looking at a convertible bond. But the really unique nature here of a perpetual preferred liability is that there is no maturity. So if you have a balance sheet that's growing at 50% compound annual growth rate and you're lending out capital at 9%, there's a huge arbitrage opportunity between the compound annual growth rate of the asset you hold on your balance sheet and the liability that you're paying out into the future. The fixed dividend is about 8% to 10%, right? Yeah. So the perpetual preferred equity instruments themselves have a fixed dollar denominated dividend. It's not a percentage dividend. When they were issued, they're issued at a percentage. So at par, STRF pays $10 per share. Par is $100. So it's effectively 10% dividend. Now, it's $10 per share. So to the extent that there is debasement of the currency, that $10 per share is actually becoming less and less valuable over time and into the future. This is a one direction trade. This is USD for Bitcoin swap sort of thing. The biggest innovation in these instruments is that they are using the position in the capital stack as collateral. OK, what does that mean? That means the seniority of where the capital sits within the capital stack is a function of the risk profile of it. And this is a concept, right? This is a broader concept. So in the event of a bankruptcy or liquidation, this is what this whole thing kind of relies on. In the event of a bankruptcy or liquidation, those holders of equity or debt get paid out first. So if you think of the convertible bondholders are most senior. So if there's a liquidation, the convertible bondholders get paid out. They're their notional value. The next person in line for money is STRF holders. They would get paid out next. And then STRC and then STRK and then STRD and then if there's any money left, it goes to the MSTR shareholders. Generally, in bankruptcy situations, the equity is generally worthless and the capital is really just going out to the bondholders. So the innovation here is that they've collateralized different risk tranches within the capital stack. And this is just theoretical, right? The STRF product is the most senior product. So you can think of this as the investment grade product, meaning it's the furthest away from risk. And so that positioning has created this effective risk curve of getting Bitcoin like exposure. But understanding that you have the protection of seniority in the capital stack. It has nothing to do with Bitcoin, though. I'm expecting a fixed payout annually. How does that, you know, how do you call that Bitcoin related? Yeah. So the unique thing here is any capital that's coming in the door on any of those instruments is going to buy Bitcoin immediately. They're adding Bitcoin to the balance sheet. So you've got this Bitcoin balance sheet that's continuing to grow. Right. OK, so that that is collateral. Like that is the collateral and the value that is backing any of these instruments that they have within the capital stack. So what what gives you that Bitcoin like exposure if you buy any of these instruments, the Bitcoin like exposure is the fact that they are paying a higher yield than any other product product in the market. They have less risk than any other product in the market. They are more liquid than any other product in the market. And when you start to put all of these components together and you compare it to other fixed income instruments in the market, these become an outlier very quickly and they become too good not to hold. Yeah. And that's one of the things that's just so incredibly appealing to me. These are these products are so good that they are going to be in every pension fund, every insurance company, every fixed income holder at a future point in time, because they are they they are so productive in a portfolio. Help me understand this. When when it was CB's, MSTR actually has to pay close to no no interest. And basically it was free money to buy Bitcoin. But now this sounds very expensive. Yeah. Why the real the relativity? So that's a that's a really good question. And really, they were they were given zero percent interest rate debt. But the interest rate was priced into the conversion premium. Oh, so so interest rates in the conversion premium, those are those are two levers that you can pull to to create a transaction. So it was more creative for a strategy to say, I'll give you a higher conversion premium, just give me zero percent interest. So that that was a great opportunity for them. But you look at some of the conversion premiums, 45 percent or 55 percent. And that becomes that's that's an that's that's an expense. That's another way to look at it. Whereas if they were to take, you know, six, seven or eight percent interest, maybe the conversion premium would be 35 percent. So those are two those are two mechanics that can work opposite direction of each other. So really, when you and the other the other component that's interesting with convertible bonds and one of the reasons I think they've kind of fallen out of flavor a little bit. It's it's a capital market that's open for these types of transactions. The market is relatively small, though. I think it's a under a trillion dollar market. If you needed to go raise capital cheaply, quickly and easily, like that is a market that you can go to. But the the bigger unlock here is unlocking a much larger pool of capital. So how do I attract the three hundred dollar three hundred trillion dollar fixed income market? You need to go fishing with the right hook. You know, you need the right lure. And the fixed income market isn't going to buy the convertible bonds. You need to give them a product that they can consume that looks like everything else that they have in their portfolio. So when you think about the this this concept of expensive, it's it's not very expensive when you look at the productivity of the asset that you're acquiring in exchange for that. So and if you look at the entire capital stack, too, right. I mean, to put this in perspective, and this is something a lot of people aren't aware of. I mean, strategy is holding 70 billion dollars worth of Bitcoin, maybe 75. It's between 70 and 75 billion dollars with the Bitcoin. The dividend liability that they have annually is 600 million dollars. So one thing that I like to do and try to put this into perspective, because these are huge numbers. They're like hard to wrap your head around for most people. And one way I like to look at it is I like to chop some zeros off. OK, so the one of the reasons this entire thing works is because strategy has so much financial strength that they have a continuous ability to go raise capital in different markets. And going to raise capital in different markets helps pay off these dividends or go buy more Bitcoin or the flexibility to move however they need to. And I like to put this into perspective. Imagine you have seven million dollars of assets in your investment portfolio and you need a 60,000 dollar loan to go get a house. Easy. If you're an underwriter, you'd say, absolutely, I'll underwrite that risk all day. That's a great risk. Let's take it further. Let's say the Bitcoin falls 50 percent. Now you've got three and a half million dollars relative to a 60,000 dollar loan. Would you underwrite that loan? Absolutely. You'd say absolutely. So their ability to raise capital is a function of their financial strength, which is how this whole thing continues to work. They're able to raise additional capital at terms that are attractive and accretive that they can go buy Bitcoin or do other treasury operations that they deem and see fit. From what you're saying, so I thought the reason why they kind of pause this CB route is because they don't want to dilute their shareholder too much, but it's because they want to access a different pool of capital. It's accessing a different pool of capital. It's also accessing a different holder. So the convertible bond sellers, the people that are selling this product, they don't care about the stock at all. They are volatility junkies. So they want the opportunity to arb the delta between the convertible bond price and the value of the equity that sits beneath it. So there's infinite arbitrage opportunities back and forth between the inefficiencies in the convertible bond market and the equity market and how they're priced. So they're constantly shorting the stock. They're constantly buying the stock. They're constantly shorting the stock. Additionally, the convertible bond sellers, when strategy issues the convertible bond, they sell about 70% of the notional value short immediately on day one to hedge their position. So you could think about the dilution. The dilution impact happens on day one. It occurs on day one. Now, you think about the difference in these new perpetual preferred instruments. And if they need to issue MSDR common stock in order to pay the dividend, now that dilution is happening over time. You know, it's a different horizon. Additionally, the people that hold those instruments, they want them for the yield and the risk protection, not for the volatility. They want it for the lack of volatility. So the buyer of those products... Who are they? It's retail, it's institutions, it's insurance companies, it's pension funds. They're long these instruments, not long volatility. And that's a fundamental difference. And a more beneficial person to have in your capital structure than somebody that's, you know, taking advantage of the volatility of your common stock. So there's... And a $300 trillion pool of capital, right? It's an enormous pool of capital and they have the ability to create products that are attractive in that marketplace. For a regular investor, I don't think most people understand every bit, you know? Yeah, it's complicated. It's super complicated. They just hold MSDR. And if you go back and you look at since they started the Bitcoin Treasury strategy, they are three to four times levered the return of Bitcoin. There are periods of time where it will underperform. And you could see this in the marketplace where there are now new people that are coming into the market saying, I'm shorting strategy because I don't think this premium should exist or, you know, there's a lot of people that are using this instrument to trade in different directions, in different ways, in different places. Over the long term, I think the most important and valuable metric here is Bitcoin per share. It's like, well, if you're using fiat to denominate the return of this instrument, you're taking a fiat lens to this instrument to begin with. So the way I look at it, I look at MSDR very similarly to the way I look at Bitcoin. And this is a long, this is a duration asset. I want to hold this for forever because I personally believe this company is going to be the largest company on the planet. And I don't want to be in a position where I have to tell my grandchildren that I sold MSDR at, you know, $400 when, you know, 10, 20 years from now, it's $20,000 or $30,000 a share or something like that. And I've had many of these experiences in my life with family members saying, oh, I could have bought Apple at 89 cents. And it's like, well, you didn't. You didn't buy Apple at 89 cents. And you wouldn't have had the conviction to hold it anyway. So like the it's there's this sailor interview. He's talking about his friends that are talking about buying and selling Google between a dollar and a dollar fifty. And he's like, shaking. What are you doing? Like this is this is all this is fundamentally changing humanity and this is changing the world. And you've got to take a long term view on these specific products and instruments. So there's a lot of people making a lot of noise about this stuff because the stock, you know, had this epic blow off top. It hit five hundred and forty three dollars in November of last year. Just straight parabola in a month of time. And since then has gone through this choppy chop solidation period where there's a new floor being set on the price. Is it because people lose conviction or what causes the price drop? It's so many things. I mean, there are so many people trading in the marketplace. It's a function of the underlying Bitcoin being held. It's the convertible bondholders. I mean, there's five five billion dollars of convertible bond that are not trading like equity in the market. So you've got five billion dollars of volatility junkies that are out there pumped that the price of the stock is going down and they're continuing to short it. I see they are making money by shorting the stock. Yeah. And that's that's I think one of the reasons that strategies kind of pivoted on convertible bonds, because they they've seen the the effects of issuing that much of this type of instrument in a very short time horizon. When we talk about perpetual preferred stock, can they ever buy it back? Like stop paying the dividend on all of the instruments right now? I don't believe there's a call on on any of them. That is crazy. I think about investing ten dollars and get one dollar every every year. Like that is insane. Yeah. But if if you're if the value of your dollar drops 90 percent in 10 years, then I mean, true. Well, it's like you're getting ten dollars. But well, ten dollars is going to be equivalent to one dollar ten years from now. So it's a great instrument for now. And where I think these products have a really good opportunity in the marketplace right now is like retirement accounts. So you've got people that are near retirement and they want a little extra juice in their income that they're making to help, you know, to help them manage their retirement. These products are really, really appealing. Yeah. And if the horizon of your life is another 20 years, you're not too worried. You're not too worried about it, right. And you're not too worried about the debasement of your currency for the rest of your life. You're you're more worried about just enjoying your life for the last 20 years or whatever that may be. For me, I'm interested in the perpetual preferred instruments from the understanding that I think they're mispriced and I think they're going to be repriced. And there are other people that are buying it for the yield. There are other people that are speculating on X, Y or Z. But I'm not buying it for the reduced volatility. Where I'm at in my life, like my age, like I want full vol right now. I want all of the volatility because I have supreme conviction and I know where this is going directionally. So that's the way I view it. What about all the other Bitcoin treasury companies? They're copying the same strategy, but are they going to perform the same? I think that's a that's a great question. And I think there's a lot of opportunity for these Bitcoin treasury companies in this space to continue to grow and buy more Bitcoin perpetually into the future, whether that be through cash flow or capital markets opportunities that a lot of people are speculating. Like, once these companies go below one MNN, like they're not going to be able to do things. Well, that's just false. Why is that false? It's false because they're sitting on capital and depends on the value of that capital, the leverage on the balance sheet, how they're managing the leverage on the balance sheet. But you can always get a deal done. Like if you needed to, let's just say, let's just say to make the numbers easy, let's just say you're holding a billion dollars of Bitcoin and you've got, you know, one hundred million dollars of leverage. So you're 10 percent leverage, but the value of your stock is trading at like seven hundred million dollar market cap or something like that. So like a point seven MNN, you can go to the capital markets with your billion dollars of Bitcoin and go like identify leverage opportunities to go leverage up your balance sheet a little bit more and buy more Bitcoin. Alternatively, you could be in a situation where it may make more sense to sell a little piece of your Bitcoin to buy your stock back. Do you think strategy would ever do that? Because that's more like a conviction, like fake. You are not supposed to. Yeah, it would be a break glass scenario. I think it's incredibly unlikely. Yeah. But another reason this entire thing works is because the threat is there. Right. Like Bitcoin is the most liquid instrument on the planet. You could go you watch Nakamoto went and bought a million dollars a minute to buy seven hundred fifty million dollars. You can do that. The market is incredibly liquid. They could go buy and sell as much as they need to and get pretty efficient settlement and efficient pricing with it because it's just so liquid. So that threat to be able to do that is always there. But there are so many other things you can do. You can you can sell covered calls. You could go access perpetual preferred debt. You could get straight debt. You can get convertible debt. And it's all a function of the underlying collateral that you have in the balance sheet. It doesn't like whatever the stock's doing, it doesn't really matter. If it's trading at a premium, you can access the equity market and you could go issue ATM to raise capital that way. But in in distress situations, distressed, it may be more efficient to go tackle capital in different places or just wait. You could just wait if you are directionally long Bitcoin and you think the market is going to move favorably with you and you understand the landscape. You're like, OK, strategy is working for me. Semmler is working for me. Mara is working for me. Like you go look at all of the Bitcoin treasury companies, their look their whole goal is to accumulate as much Bitcoin as humanly possible. You can just wait because the likelihood that all of them are not doing anything is zero. So I think it's imperative. I think having Bitcoin on your balance sheet is going to be imperative for the future. And if you look at the landscape of like equity, mark equity capital markets and like all of these companies that are trading on these different exchanges, they're significantly exposed to a disruption. And if those companies get disrupted by a, what can you do to explain that? So like I just mentioned right here, right? Like if your equity falls and you still hold this Bitcoin, at least you hold the Bitcoin. You could go do something with it. You're like, I could go leverage it to go buy a company. Or I could go do X or go issue debt and go buy more Bitcoin. Like you could do so many things. But if you are the 400th largest publicly traded company in the S&P 500 and you get disrupted by AI and your stock falls and you have no balance sheet because you issued dividends and you did stock buybacks, what do you do? You're dead. You're dead unless you had Bitcoin on your balance sheet. So I truly believe that there's going to be a huge turnover in the S&P 500 and these other large indices as AI does disrupt. And a lot of these companies are dead in the water without a strong balance sheet to be able to operate in the marketplace. So it's kind of a fiat problem. Like one of the reasons we're in this situation is because everybody's been chasing this like cash dividends, stock buyback, cash dividends, stock buyback. And there's been less emphasis on balance sheet strength and ability to manage different market environments. And I think that will change drastically. But the counter argument would be the other companies, the tech companies you talk about, they are producing a product that's helping humanity. But what are you guys doing? You guys are just buying Bitcoin, blah, blah, blah. What would you say to them? They're producing a product that's helping humanity or they're improving the value of a product that's helping humanity. How many people hold Bitcoin? I don't know, 30 million. 30 million people hold Bitcoin. Seems like a pretty good product with a lot of people that hold it. And you've got a huge total addressable market of people that could hold it, too. Additionally, like the instruments and the securities that strategy is created and these other Bitcoin treasury companies will create will help humanity. This is solving a huge retirement gap in the United States and other places on the planet. This will provide a significant low volatility return instrument for people that need it. And that's the biggest market on the planet. The total addressable market of the space is like 600 trillion dollars. The total addressable market for Apple is like, I don't know, three trillion, four trillion, five trillion, maybe. And they're like bumping up against that valuation right now. They're like three trillion dollar company. I think it's a bit misunderstood. The equity product itself is also a valuable product. Like if you think of these different countries like MetaPlanet, like I wasn't able to get Bitcoin exposure, but now I can get Bitcoin exposure via an equity in my pension fund in Japan. That's a product. People are lost by not recognizing that. And also, I think people are so focused on the story, the reason why they convert themselves into a Bitcoin treasury company. They're like, oh, it's just because you were trying to save your company. This is just a method for you to save your company instead of thinking how this product could benefit me as an investor. Yeah. So I'm going to ask you a question. What's the point of holding an equity? Any equity? To keep my purchasing power. Bingo, store of value. OK. Well, what's a better store of value than a company that has value? What's a better store of value than a company that holds more store of value than any other company on the planet? What about the smaller Bitcoin treasury companies? They have supposedly a bigger upside because they're small. Yeah. How should people look at it? They all have a different risk return metric. So a different risk return profile at different points in time, too. And this conversation is evolving and everybody's trying to figure it out at the same time. Like a couple of metrics people are looking at is like Bitcoin yield. What is MNAV? What is months to cover MNAV? They're like people are creating these new metrics that are trying to wrap their head around like a new risk return profile for these instruments, because at any point in time, one of the smaller Bitcoin treasury companies may look more risky relative to a different one. Maybe the MNAV is high. Maybe at that point, it's more risky than a company that's got it alone MNAV. And maybe they flip. And there's different points of time where things may look cheap or maybe look rich relative to each other. So there's this new risk profile that's being created on all of these different instruments, but they all provide different risk return upside. So I see the world in terms of probabilistic distributions and risk curves. So there is an efficient frontier of having any one of these different instruments in a diversified bundle of baskets to maximize your return and minimize your risk. Obviously, strategy is the enormous player in the space. And I don't think anybody's going to catch them, which puts them in a whole new echelon of risk return. And it's the lowest risk out of all of the other companies because they have the biggest balance sheet and relatively small amount of leverage, where there's other companies that may be leaning a little bit more heavily into leverage, which is risky. If the price of the Bitcoin falls and they're unable to meet their liabilities, they may be in a point where they have to get liquidated or somebody buys them. Or you are taking different risks on any of these different companies. What's your thought on Ethereum, treasury company? Would you rather build your house on sand or build your house on a rock? I don't know. You tell me. Look, I think Ethereum is going to be around for a long time. There are going to be companies that are going to capitalize their balance sheet on Ethereum rather than Bitcoin. When you're operating in the capital markets, I think if you're going to raise capital, whether it be equity capital, debt capital, it's much easier to explain the story of Bitcoin as a two and a half trillion dollar asset rather than the story of Ethereum, which is a five hundred billion dollar asset on your balance sheet. So I think companies that are going to succeed in the digital asset treasury space, I think they're going to have a lot easier of a time interfacing with traditional capital with a Bitcoin treasury than any other digital treasury. So you're looking at it from a numbers perspective, but a lot of people are looking at it. They're talking about POS versus POW. Yeah, proof of stake, proof of work. I'm a proof of work maxi. I'm a Bitcoin maxi. I explored NFTs on Ethereum just because I thought it was interesting and fun. And that space is going to exist. There's a different utility with Ethereum than there is for Bitcoin. And for me, again, coming from a finance background, working in the reinsurance market and seeing the world of capital and how it works, the companies that are based with a Bitcoin treasury are going to have an easier time in the traditional capital markets, which is a much bigger pool of capital. At the moment, there are no Ethereum treasury companies that have perpetual preferred instruments that they could go offer to the market. I mean, you go look at Bitminer, Tom Lee's deal. I think they've got a six billion dollar market cap. If they were to go issue perpetual preferred equity to the market, they would be able to issue maybe two billion if they could find it. You'd have to go convince somebody that it's a good idea. And then you've got to go find the capital and then get it. So now the company is a six billion dollar company goes to an eight billion dollar company. The scale, the numbers aren't in favor of an Ethereum treasury company. The numbers are in favor of Bitcoin treasury companies and their ability to access different pools of capital. Let's go back to Bitcoin companies. People talk about if you want to buy a stock, you look at the founder. That founder has to be a true Bitcoiner and promise not to sell. But there are a lot of people here just for the hype. How do you tell? Yeah, I guess the question is, what is it? What is a true Bitcoiner? I mean, Bitcoin's for everyone. That's a good that's a good answer. What is a true Bitcoiner? Like you can anybody can do anything. I can say, OK, let's say I start this company and I claim to be a Bitcoin treasury company. I tell the world that I'm going to follow strategy strategy. However, I exit once my stock pump. That is not a true Bitcoiner. Yeah, no, that that sounds like a fraudster in general. But but there's always break glass scenarios like that. There's again, I see the world in probabilistic distributions. And I think there could be a point in time where you may strategically look to sell covered calls on Bitcoin or sell a sliver to buy the stock back. It's an optionality like having this asset on your balance sheet is providing maximum optionality. Now, in terms of being able to identify whether somebody is a true Bitcoin maxi and willing to not going to run away with your cash or doing anything like that. I mean, that's just the risk of buying equity. There is an element of trust in buying any equity, buying any other security or any instrument. There is a there's a huge element of trust. So you've got to be able to trust the people that are operating the business that you're like buying buying stock in. But ultimately, I think everybody should self custody Bitcoin. And we we we preach that all the time on True North and in the in the people that I talk to. It's hard to have conviction in any of these equities unless you self custody Bitcoin and you see the true power of having sovereignty with assets being able to walk around the block with ten thousand dollars in your pocket. It's a huge innovation. And I think that's foundational in anybody's portfolio is to have this Bitcoin and self custody before before you start exploring any of these other things. Because if you go dump all your money into a Bitcoin asset or a Bitcoin treasury company and the founder goes and runs away with all your money, it's like, well, if they did that, you better have some Bitcoin. Right. So that's kind of that's kind of how I view it. And a lot of people are mad at strategy because the stock hasn't gone up. And it's like, well, how long have you held it? How long should I hold it? I think everybody should look at these companies as long term, long term holds like four year, four year plus holds. If you look at Bitcoin itself, if you look at every single four year compound annual growth rate period of Bitcoin, they're all positive. The ninety nine point five percentile of four year Bitcoin compound annual growth rates is something like 26 percent. So that's like the worst point four percent. If you bought Bitcoin on the worst possible day and sold it on the worst possible day, four years later, you're the worst compound annual growth rate is like 22 percent. That's, you know, you got to you got to be willing to sit on these things. And I think that concept is really rewriting corporate finance in general. Like strategy just posted a 10 billion dollar net income in Q2. Huge. It's like just blow out net income and you compare it to like any of these other companies. And it's like all these other companies are tiny. But the commentary in the market is this is a one time game. But when you when you actually zoom out and you take a look at it and let's just say you averaged their net income over the last four years. Well, their average net income over the last four years annually is like five billion dollars per year. It's on average. And you start to compare that to these other companies that are averaging, you know, two billion dollars of net income annually. And like the numbers start to get pretty wonky really quick. And there's a lot of short timer ism in the existing equity markets, which I think is a function of fiat, where like every every analyst, every equity market, every algorithm is like quickly trading based on quarter over quarter results and guidance and year over year results. When I think more broadly, companies should be looking at like long term trends and investors should be looking at long term trends, four year trends, AI trends, computer trends, data and information trends, those kinds of things, especially if the whole goal is to store value, like as we talked about this point of equity to store value. And so I think a long term perspective on any of these things is the most efficient and appropriate way to go. There are two different ways to accumulate Bitcoin. One group of investors, they want to time the market, they want to buy when it's low. And the sailor group, or I assume you do that too, is DCA. You don't time the market, you always buy the top. Because, like you said, if you look at long term, it's not going to be that much different. Which strategy should I use to buy strategy? Is it the DCA method or because it's so volatile, should I time the market? Yeah, I don't see why you wouldn't look at it very similarly to Bitcoin. So DCA? I think ultimately for 99.9% of people, the answer is going to be DCA or get some greater than 0% exposure. If you don't have any exposure to these Bitcoin treasury companies, you're short Bitcoin treasury companies. Same as Bitcoin, right? Like if you don't have any exposure to Bitcoin, you're short Bitcoin. I don't want to be short Bitcoin. And that's kind of the way I look at it. It's like having greater than 0% exposure is what I want to have and lean into that. Why wouldn't you just hold Bitcoin then? Because that is the fundamental of the whole strategy. Yeah, that's an answer for a lot of people. May not have conviction in the space or they just want exposure to the underlying commodity. That is a great answer for most people. Now, other people want more high octane exposure. So you can get more high octane exposure by buying a leveraged Bitcoin equity like Strategy or any of these Bitcoin treasury companies. Or you can get lower octane exposure like buying Strike or Strife or Stride or any of these perpetual preferred instruments. And again, I see that there was this there was this foundational innovation in finance called Markowitz Modern Portfolio Theory. And I hit on this a little bit earlier, but it won the Nobel Prize in Economics, actually. And the concept is if you have a diversified portfolio with various different risk return metrics, you can increase the return of your portfolio and reduce the risk of your portfolio. So Bitcoin has a different risk return metric than Strategy. You know, any other Bitcoin treasury company has a different risk return metric as well. So if you have greater than zero percent exposure, it should elevate, elevate the return and reduce the risk of the portfolio. Now, that being said, if you have everything in your portfolio correlated to Bitcoin, that is that is a risk in and of itself. But personally, for me, where I see Bitcoin's future and where Bitcoin's going in the long term, I'm OK, personally, that let that level of exposure. You hold a lot of MSTR, right? Yes. Worst case scenario. I'm trying to think of the worst case scenario. What happens? What would happen? And what would that scenario look like? Like worst case scenario for strategy. Nightmare. Yeah. I mean, a lot of people are trying to conceptualize this as well. And I made a post about this last night, actually. Funny enough. In order for the strategy model to break, I think something with Bitcoin needs to break. For example, hard to hard to conceptualize, but like global EMP. You know, the Internet, like the Internet shut down. But it's not a strategy problem anymore if that happens. Right. And so when I think of like these probabilistic scenarios of a situation where the fundamentals of Bitcoin breaks or all of a sudden all of these companies don't start buying like stop buying Bitcoin for whatever reason, they determine that another asset is a stronger store of value. I think that's incredibly unlikely. If that happens, then, you know, there are a lot of people that are in the Bitcoin space. They've got to figure out something else and go do something else. And I think that's that's kind of what it looks like. I think there's a higher probability of the Yellowstone caldera exploding than like Bitcoin breaking. I see. So when I think of that scenario, like Yellowstone caldera, I was like, OK, well, I'm dead anyway. So that outcome is zero. And you think of a probability scenario where Bitcoin breaks, think of that's a low probability and the outcome is zero. Like, that's also zero. So nothing related to strategy. It's all Bitcoin. Yeah, I really I really don't think so. I mean, there there are tail scenarios that are there. Black Swan tail scenarios that people can't think of that that exist like black swans always exist. Is there a key man risk a little bit? Yeah, there's probably a little bit of key man risk with Saylor, but that they're already working on. Fong is incredibly powerful and strong, very great communicator. He's getting out into the market a bit more. Even even if Saylor were gone, the company still got 70 billion dollars worth of Bitcoin. They've got three percent of the network like the company will continue to operate into the future. Not being able to pay your liabilities at some point in the future. Again, you look at the balance sheet, they've got 10 percent leverage. They're incredibly strong relative to their interests. They could pay 120 years of the dividend liability with their Bitcoin right now. So like most of the market is asking them to take on more leverage. So they're trying to add it on as quickly as possible. So like with where they're at right now, I have the least amount of concern for the longevity of the company and the ability for them to continue to operate. Let's talk about you. What do you do at Strive? Yeah, so Strive, I am the VP of Bitcoin Strategy. So I am helping think through our Bitcoin strategy. I'm going to wear a lot of hats and this company is going to be flexible in the capital markets, going to identify different pools of capital and different opportunity to add Bitcoin to the balance sheet. But some of the things I'm thinking about right now are how do we communicate to the market and how do we identify and structure our leverage, our future leverage? What we want to do is we want to buy Bitcoin and we want to lever the Bitcoin to buy more Bitcoin. And that's the general theme of most of these Bitcoin treasury companies. So I'm thinking about how do we leverage, how do we communicate leverage? How do we communicate that story to the capital markets too? And that's where I think I can take some of the background that I've built with the True North team and be able to relay that same type of message into the larger, broader capital markets, similar to what I did in the reinsurance world. Like when I was in reinsurance, I sold volatility to risk-taking investment managers. Now, that's the same exact thing with Bitcoin. I'm going to go sell reduced volatility instruments to capital providers. And I've got to be able to tell that story. Why is it a good product? It's a good product because it's got lower volatility than Bitcoin. It's got higher liquidity than Bitcoin. What is the risk? Kind of outline the risk profile. So taking a risk lens and being able to communicate that to the broader capital markets and like the retail market and continue to help that story. Additionally, it's finding opportunity within the different capital markets and thinking through that broader, just general Bitcoin strategy. The company is full of financiers, so people with different diverse backgrounds. I mean, led by CEO Matt Cole, who ran a $70 billion fixed income portfolio at CalPERS. CalPERS is the pension fund for California, which is like the largest pension fund on the planet. As you can imagine, having somebody with a massive fixed income background going into the market and looking at issuing Bitcoin-backed fixed income securities, there's a lot of benefit and things that we can think about and creativity that we can use in that marketplace and be a little bit more nimble than strategy. Like strategy is, again, like the 600 pound gorilla in the space, right? They're enormous. And strategy's goal is they want to bring in $3 trillion of capital into Bitcoin over time in the fixed income market. If you're going to bring in $3 trillion of capital, you need to be so incredibly transparent. And like your story needs to be so incredibly clean. The market needs to trust that you're going to be able to manage and hold that amount of capital. The smaller companies can be a little bit more flexible and nimble. And they're going to be like operating around the edges and finding opportunity that may be a little too small for strategy. And it might be opportunity for us to be like the Lamborghini within the Bitcoin treasury space that maybe moves a little bit faster in both directions. But because we can be a little bit more flexible with our capital structure. How do you come up with different strategies? Do you sit in a meeting room and everybody just starts, I don't know, throwing out ideas? How does that work? Yeah, yeah. Well, late night phone calls, like sitting on the couch going for a walk. There's multiple times where Matt Coles called me and is like, hey, I'm out on a walk. Like, what if you think about this? Like, what if you thought about that? And then we'll sit there and we'll chat for an hour. Just a week ago, I chatted for an hour from like 9 p.m. to actually 9 to 10 30 p.m. West Coast time. That was in Central Time. And just thinking about strategy and how we how we communicate and what what things we can like little tiny levers we can pull. And the individual logistics that go into each one of those different things, which there is there are so many logistics behind the scenes. And I think that's, you know, I wish we could communicate more, but we can't. But we've got a lot of things that we're interested in working on and really looking forward to it. Do you use AI to help? Absolutely. Yeah, like, yeah, yeah, absolutely. The the really, really neat thing with AI is it just gives another it accelerates thinking. One thing that I've been intrigued with is like I take all the prospectus from strategies, individual perpetual preferred offerings, and I can load them into it like chat, so I'll take all the perspectives and I'll let them in and I'll take I'll take other bits of pieces of information like PDFs of different things that are interesting to me. And I use that as like a project. So I go create projects and chat, chat, and then it's like, OK, I've got all of this information as my background. Now, let's let's think about, you know, based on assumption ABCD and these these different things. What's the most efficient route or product that I can create to access this market or, you know, what are some markets that I can access? And I mean, I've spent hours on chat, just like pounding it, identifying like different unique ideas that's helped accelerate my thinking and and help narrow perspective. So that's where that's kind of how I've used it is like to to kind of take like these all these huge ideas and try to like narrow my focus. It's not perfect. Like, it's definitely not perfect. And it's not it assumes that there's no friction in the world. So like you may come up with this great idea, but you actually try to put it in practice and there's just a ton of friction in the market. Like the lawyers hate it. You know, it's too complicated. I can't underwrite it, you know, all of these types of things. So there's got to be some sort of like rationality filter that you got to apply to some of the output that you get from. But I mean, it's an incredible tool and it's only getting better for a regular layman person that's watching this. All these companies, they can borrow money at a very cheap rate to buy more Bitcoin. But for just a regular person, I can only buy Bitcoin with my salary or my savings. Now, how do I get ahead? I will say I do believe this market is incredibly young and incredibly early. So I think if you're just remotely close to it now, ten years down the road, I think everybody that's here is going to do fantastically well. Oh, I love that. I'm relatively certain of it. This is not financial advice, but like Bitcoin is a two trillion, two and a half trillion dollar asset. I think it's highly likely it goes to 10 trillion and then highly likely it goes to 20 trillion. And if you think about like, what is a what is a company that's holding three percent of the network of the Bitcoin network look like when Bitcoin goes to 20 trillion is a 20 trillion dollar asset? It's like, well, that's a company that's holding 700 billion dollars of the capital at that point, maybe more like 700, 800, 900 billion dollars of capital. Like, there's no there is not another company in the entire market, an entire world that's holding that much capital. So like, what is what does the world look like then? I don't know. It's like, well, how much fixed income can you issue if you're holding 900, 900 billion dollars of capital? It's like, OK, you go, you go issue a billion dollars a week. Yeah, you can issue a billion dollars a week of fixed income at nine percent interest. Or it's like the market, the market should be there. Because the risk profile of these things is like going to be foundationally different. Do you think countries can do that now? Right. Yes. Are they going to? They should. But they're not yet. They're not yet. I think they can. I think there is a race to do it. There is a race. I think people talk about that, but it seems like nobody's doing anything. Why is the United States one of the most valuable countries in the world? Why? They hold the most gold. Money is incredibly powerful. I think having control of like a monetary network and a monetary supply is going to be crucial for future power of any country, because you have the ability to leverage that monetary base. I think the U.S. has eight times more gold in the next closest country. And that has that has led to some of the U.S. success. Like granted, geographically, it's very valuable. You got two big oceans and you know, you've got all of those things. So geographically, it's very valuable. But another one of the main reasons is valuable is because they have more money than anybody else. And I think they will continue to be in a position where they have more money than anybody else, unless other powerful countries getting this monetary network before you do and then controlling a majority of like how that's how that's used or deployed. Well, I think people can take away this. Like we are still early. People look at Bitcoin price and be like, oh, my God, I can't afford one Bitcoin. I'm so, so behind. It's over. Yeah. Nominal bias will always exist. Nominal bias of Bitcoin will always exist. So there's there's always opportunity to just get off zero. And I think that's my biggest recommendation to anybody is just get off zero and have greater than zero exposure to this stuff, because it's like this market is moving incredibly fast. And you look at a company like strategy in 2020, strategy had five hundred million dollars cash. They now have 70 billion dollars of Bitcoin. That's five years. Five years have gone from five hundred million dollars cash to 70 billion dollars of Bitcoin. Like, what does it look five years from now? We don't know. We don't know, but it's likely going to be more. A lot more. You know, two, three, four or five times into the future. And they're not stopping. I'm not stopping. Everybody here is not stopping. They're all plugged into the capital markets, trying to siphon as much capital out of the traditional financial system as possible and shove it into Bitcoin. That's a good that's a good analogy. That's that's that's what we're doing here. And we're not stopping. My God, I can't sleep now. This is like happening right now. 24 7. It's happening. There's there's 150 companies that are operating on a Bitcoin standard today. Five years ago, there was one five years from now, there's going to be 2000. What's the world like? Look like when 2000 companies are vying for the same number of coins on the market? Well, as this competition, it's speeding up, but it's just like co-option. You know, it's like a co-option. All of these companies are as the price of Bitcoin rises, the tide rises for all of them and they all get more powerful. So it's like you get more companies in here that are doing the same thing. And props to sailor man. I mean, he's really written a playbook on this thing. And I couldn't imagine sitting back and watching 150 other companies just start doing exactly what you're doing. It's just like incredible to see. And success breeds more success. Like everybody wants to succeed in the world. I think that will just continue to continue to permeate. But it just takes time. It's like a virus. That was such a beautiful conversation. Absolutely. Thank you. Yeah. Thanks for having me. Appreciate it.