 The S&P 500 is 24 days and Bitcoin, I think it might be as little as 12 days. Like if you miss the biggest 12 days in Bitcoin, you miss the return for the year. Is it too late? Am I too late to the party? People basically look at you like you have three heads. We still believe we're extremely early. Bitcoin is 16 years old. You know, it's just kind of really just getting going. Give us your price prediction for the future. I think the most powerful bearish case would be a pretty significant resistance level. We are open to sucking money out of Ethereum. We are open to sucking money out of Solana. I was having a conversation with a fellow who's done quite well on Bitcoin. One of these whales. I said, geez, man, I'm like, how were you able to sit on your Bitcoin? You're middle class guy. All of a sudden you're worth a hundred million dollars. Weren't you tempted to bring that register? Well, we really try not to be market timers. We try to be. Sean Bill joins us today. He is a CIO of Blockstream. We're going to get his outlook on Bitcoin and how his fund is operating now and what his strategy is for Bitcoin. I'm David Lin. Bonnie Chang. Sean, so good to see you. We both share a macro background, except I'm not a trader. You were. Yep. And you were the first pension fund you told me offline. You told us you were the first pension fund. Well, you worked for the first pension fund to have pitched Bitcoin to institutional investors. Well, we were the first U.S. pension fund to buy Bitcoin. And so we started that process in 2019 and it took about 18 months. You know, we what we started doing is we started bringing in educational sessions. We had different speakers come in like Mark Yusko and Anthony Pompfiano and, you know, Dan Moorhead and different, different folks. And we would just have them give an update, you know, to our pension boards on why adding Bitcoin to a portfolio is a good idea. Why adding Bitcoin to a portfolio could make sense. And so, you know, what ended up happening was, I don't know, 2021, we seeded a fund for Corbin Capital, which was a credit, private credit fund. And the folks at SkyBridge saw that and they're like, oh, hey, you know, would you guys consider seeding a Bitcoin fund? SkyBridge, Scaramucci's fund. That's right. Yeah. So Ray Nolte, Scaramucci, those folks. And so so we said, well, you know, I don't think it would pass our board because we've been trying to socialize this for quite a while. But we are the largest USLP in your series G fund. And if you decide you wanted to allocate 15 percent to Bitcoin, your limited partner agreement allows for that. And we would be very supportive of it. And I will write the memos and kind of try and provide air cover to explain why we're doing this. And so that's how we originally got into Bitcoin in 2021. It was a 45 basis point position. Was it very hard to convince everybody to be on board? What was the conversation like? Yeah. So, you know, I think it was definitely hard. And, you know, it was a lot of hand wringing when we first got in. A lot of every board meeting, you know, what's going on with the Bitcoin, what's happening here, you know, because you got to remember these folks are they are fiduciaries. They need to sign off on these things and they have to be able to explain it to their beneficiaries. Right. Which in our case, at the Santa Clara VTA, local 265 pension plan, long name, were bus drivers, train operators. You know, these folks were not people that would normally go out and buy Bitcoin. So, you know, we had to kind of explain it to them. OK, here's why we think this is interesting. We ran quite a few simulations with mean variance optimized portfolios that showed that adding anywhere from one to five percent. Was actually quite attractive to the portfolio. When you got above that, it started to kind of really skew the returns towards whatever Bitcoin was doing. So you had to kind of keep it below that. So our formal first recommendation was for a one to three percent position in Bitcoin. And, of course, five years later, in December of 2024, BlackRock finally came out with their paper saying that they were at two percent as an official recommendation for multi strap managers. Mean variance. Are you referring to Markowitz modern portfolio theory? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So just trying to optimize the portfolio for the volatility. The well, this is an interesting topic on its own. Let me just segue into that for just a minute. OK. Modern modern portfolio theory uses standard deviation over what returns over standard deviation. So risk adjusted risk free. Yeah. Bitcoin, however, has a higher sharp ratio than all other asset classes. So if you were to use that model, the model should in theory just tell you to own Bitcoin. That's right. That's right. And if you use this sortino method, which does not penalize you for upside volatility because the sharp ratio just looks at volatility over the risk free rate. Right. And says, OK, upside downside ball. We have to look at all of it on the sortino ratio. We say we really only care about the downside risk. And so you get actually you got one point one one currently on the Bitcoin sharp ratio versus a sortino ratio at two point four two. So, you know, in theory, the models will try to over allocate you to Bitcoin because those ratios are so much stronger. So, you know, for context, you know, the S&P 500 is a seventy two point seven two sharp ratio versus the one point one one for Bitcoin. And I think the sortino ratio is two four two point four two for Bitcoin. I think on the S&P, it's like one point one five ish or so. Approximately. Sorry. Just one more follow up. So just this is really interesting for me. So I'm a pensioner. Right. This is twenty nineteen. You're giving me this model that says we should over allocate this asset because that's what modern portfolio theory says we should do. And I'm telling you, twenty nineteen, you just crashed 80 percent of the twenty seventeen highs. You're crazy. Yeah. I'm wrong. People basically look at you like you have three heads. They're like, what is this guy talking about? We just said now you want me to buy this for my pension. Yes. Yes. And so, you know, it's very interesting because pensions and our pension in particular was very much value oriented. So we had value oriented managers. You know, the idea of buying something on a break, you know, is not necessarily out of the realm. Right. And so it might be a little counterintuitive to step into a market that's down so much. But if you're a value oriented investor, it makes a lot of sense. Right. You harvest gains from some of your other markets, maybe in your equity markets or your fixed income markets. And then you buy the asset that's on sale. So so, you know, we did when we looked at the model and we made sure that we did constrain the model, because otherwise it would give you just a really ridiculously large allocation. Yeah. And then you can't sell that. Right. Nobody's going to want to do that. But we said, look, we think, you know, between one to three is pretty manageable. Like we can we can manage that risk. We can explain that risk. We can make a credible case for why we should be in that zone. And you have to remember back in these days, you know, twenty nineteen, twenty twenty one, you know, a lot of these pension funds were underfunded. And so we felt like there was just this really asymmetric opportunity with Bitcoin, you know, a couple of different ways of looking at how to value it and come to that in a second. But we thought that, you know, the downside versus the upside risk was just very heavily skewed to the upside. And so if we put in two percent of the pension fund, maybe we're risking a 50 percent draw from there. Right. But, you know, that's one percent of the portfolio. We can make that back in six weeks on the rest of our portfolio. Right. So we would recover that loss on the flip side, if we were right. And we were, you know, we were talking about Metcalfe's law in terms of the network effect and, you know, the number of participants on the network being squared. Right. So there's two of us. The networks were four. If there's three of us, the networks worth nine, etc. So you can kind of model it out. And it gives you a very nice pathway of where you think where we think Bitcoin prices could go. And that at that time, back in 2019, 2021, was forecasting like around one hundred, one hundred fifty thousand ish. Right. Over the next five, seven years. And so we're like, we think we can make a pretty strong case for that was that seven thousand when we were having the conversation. It went to seventeen thousand by the time we actually got into Bitcoin now. But we still felt like, OK, it's probably on its way to one hundred. Right. At a minimum. And, you know, the other way of framing it, if you want to say, OK, let's let's look, you know, maybe Metcalfe's law is not the way, but let's go more macro. Like, OK, if we believe that Bitcoin is kind of very comparable to a digital gold in the sense that it's limited supply, it's impossible to make more of it. It's convertible into any currency anywhere in the world. These characteristics are shared by both gold and Bitcoin. In that case, if we were to say that goes to parity, you know, that was a 10x. Right. So, you know, today Bitcoin sits at a little over two trillion gold sits at a little over 20 trillion. So we get this question. You know, we were on the road. We were visiting pension funds in California two weeks ago. We had 20 different pension funds at the State Association of California Employee Retirement Systems, about a half a trillion dollars in that room. And, you know, get the question, is it too late? Am I too late to the party? I don't think so. I mean, like, you know, we got that question in 2019, we got that question in 2021. I actually did a big presentation at Sackers in 2022 where we talked about how we got into Bitcoin. And, you know, that was the impetus of us going back this last couple of weeks ago, was they wanted an update on that because the climate's changed, the sentiment's changing. And, you know, our takeaway was, you know, it's definitely not too late. If you look at Bitcoin, you know, on the capital markets, it's a tiny little orange dot. Right. The other 900 trillion dollars out there of assets, you know, Bitcoin's that little tiny two trillion dollar orange dot in the top left. Right. So there's a lot of room. We still believe we're extremely early. You know, Bitcoin's 16 years old. You know, it's just kind of really just getting going. Right. So since we're talking about price prediction, give us your price prediction for the future. I think in the short term, I would be surprised if Bitcoin was not trading over 200,000, like what's called the next six to 12 months. It might be faster than that. Because, I mean, we look at how much the ETFs are buying. They're buying 500,000 coins. Right. We've got the corporate Bitcoin treasuries buying another 300,000 coins. We've got, you know, what new minted coins, 165,000 per year. So we have a huge supply demand imbalance. I'm really surprised that Bitcoin's still trading at like 108, 109. I'm just curious. We're at a Bitcoin conference. Actually, there was a sign outside that says, you know, no cameras, no whatever, no bears allowed. You know that sign? Yeah. OK. But have you met anybody here that's bearish on Bitcoin besides Peter Schiff? No, not really. But I haven't been seeking them out either. I mean, there might be a bearish contingent here. You know, I mean, hey, you know, contrarian. But, you know, there's no natural short in Bitcoin. What would be the bearish case for Bitcoin? I think the most powerful bearish case would be if like the U.S. taxing authority decided, hey, we're going to tax Bitcoin at 70 percent or 90 percent, like what they when when U.S. investors had overseas accounts in Switzerland and they said, hey, you got to bring your money back into America. And if you don't, we're going to tax that 70 percent. You have whatever for four months. And if you don't bring it in in the four months, then we're going to tax it at 90 percent. Right. And they just make a punitive. Something like that would be like what I would say would be a real challenge for Bitcoin, at least from our perspective, sitting here in America. Now, everybody outside of America is buy our Bitcoin. I believe a lot of the audience's English is already good, but you might encounter some more professional words, like professional English, meeting techniques, sometimes you just need that one word. And the results of that negotiation are much worse. Or like me, I often go to foreign meetings to interview all kinds of professional people. I have to understand the language of each industry. For example, if we say that today's market is rallying, that means it's going up fast. If there's a correction, it's going back to the party to correct. These are the industry words you'll know after you do your homework. If you want to know more about these, you can find English experts familiar with each field on Twitter, ABC. Before class, we can choose the topics we're interested in. The system will test your current English skills. It will help you to combine the foreign languages with the different professional backgrounds. Now PowerPoint is the program, but what we make is a PowerPoint presentation. This is the kind of professional and practical. The teacher will provide you with all the best language and small talk techniques. Whether you're a beginner or you want to learn more about industry, Twitter ABC has online English courses for you. So you don't have to be shy. Just come to Twitter ABC and learn your English. The following links can be used to experience a class you're interested in. It's a one-on-one speaking class with a professional native speaker. And it's free. Men's class. The future government was going to be looking at Bitcoin. I think the second major shift is when BlackRock launched their ETF. And then this thing was the fastest growing ETF to get to 50 billion in history. And I think that BlackRock has such a great reputation out there in terms of institutional investors. Almost every pension fund, almost every foundation, every endowment will have some A fund. That's a BlackRock fund. And so once you've gone through that due diligence process to do due diligence of fund with the manager, it's much easier to add a second fund from the manager or a third fund or fourth fund. So I think that having BlackRock on deck with the product really provides a lot of CYA for investors that may have to answer to investment committees, to boards, to oversight organizations. It's kind of like the old saying with IBM, nobody gets fired for buying BlackRock. You know, it's a benchmark standard. After the Bitcoin Strategic Reserve and the BlackRock ETF, everyone's assuming that the institutions are just going to pour in. But I mean, we're not seeing it at that type of level. I agree with that. So we were in Texas last week talking to the Texas Pensions. And they just had their Bitcoin Strategic Reserve approved in the Senate. And we expect that Governor Abbott will be signing that in the next week, maybe two weeks, you know, that will go into law. It was super interesting. So when we were talking up there, I did a poll. I pulled the audience. We had 125 people in the audience. I said, how many of you in the audience own Bitcoin yourselves personally? Have exposure to Bitcoin, could be an ETF, could be direct. And about half the hands, maybe 40 to 50 percent went up. And then we said, OK, now of the folks in the room, how many of your institutions own Bitcoin? And it was like three. So it's not there yet. So you have like you have like, you know, investment teams that are becoming very familiar with it. They're they're kind of, you know, starting to get comfortable with Bitcoin. But the institutions haven't shown up in a big way yet. Because? Well, I think it's I think it's still they're still on the learning curve. You know, I think that, you know, for four years, this was off limits. You just couldn't touch it. You'd have, you know, people, you know, give you a hard time from Washington. But now it's, you know, it is the doors have opened. So people are playing catch up and trying to get up to speed. You know, we actually get a lot of requests for educational sessions. You know, can you do a kind of what we were doing back in 2019 with our pension board? You know, people are now starting to ask us if we could do that with them and help them with their their pension boards. Well, how would you explain Bitcoin to a pension board today? Well, I would I would say, you know, it's it's electronic money, you know, and I'd say that, you know, it's the the real thing that pushed Bitcoin forward is, you know, eliminating the double spend. Right. So that's the differentiator between prior solutions and which is from a portfolio allocation standpoint. So, for example, if I thought you want to like really basic like Bitcoin, but I guess your audience. Whoops. Yeah, I know that that that's good, too. But I was wondering more like, OK, so I I am a fund and I'm deciding whether to add Bitcoin to my portfolio per Bonnie's question. Why is it not in my portfolio? So there's a case to be made for everything else right now. Bonds. I get that. NASDAQ. Yeah, you know, NASDAQ ETFs, small caps, large caps, depending on your firm's bias. Even gold, it's a diversifier. What is the role of Bitcoin then? It's so gold. So much like gold, it's also a diversifier. Right. It has a low correlation to a lot of other assets and it has a very positively skewed right at right tail on the bell curve distribution of returns. So if you look at Bitcoin versus S&P, S&P has a pretty normal looking bell curve. But if you look at like a Bitcoin bell curve, I don't know if this is coming backwards on the on the TV, but it's basically a fat right tail. So it's got a lot more large upside months than it has on the large downside months. So you get this great positive skew. So going back to that sortino ratio, you know, because you have that right side skew of the fat tail, it actually makes it a very attractive asset to add to a portfolio. Now, you know, I guess the second, you know, peeling back the onion further is, you know, does this is this is this our expectation going forward? Right. Do we expect that Bitcoin will be able to repeat what it has done in the past? And one thing that we were we were showing in another presentation with the pensions is, you know, as the market cap of Bitcoin has grown, the volatility has also been declining. So if we think about this most recent sell off, you know, it was about 35 percent pullback. But, you know, for a lot of people have been around for a long time, you know, maybe been through 85 percent pullbacks or 75 percent pullbacks. Right. But they are the pullbacks are getting shallower and shallower as the market cap gets bigger and bigger. So, you know, now that would also on the flip side of the coin imply that perhaps the return, the upside return will also be a little more muted. That's a tricky one. I think that's more tricky than looking at downside vol. I think that Bitcoin is an asset that, you know, just because it is, you know, you know, a set supply of 21 million bitcoins, it's kind of got a little bit of different rules when it comes to the upside, because there's not as much flow. You know, a lot of people that buy Bitcoin just put it away. They sit on it. They don't do anything with it. They just want to own it. They treat it as a store of value. Right. And so, you know, I'm like I said earlier, I'm really surprised that Bitcoin is not much higher than it is right now just because the supply demand imbalance between the ETFs and the corporate treasuries that are buying so much Bitcoin versus what's being mined. So why is it, you think? I don't know. I think, you know, that's a good question. You know, I'm sure it has something to do with the market structure. You know, maybe people that are lightening up at what they think is a pretty significant resistance level at 109. That is, you know, if you look at long term monthly charts, that is a big trend line that comes in above the market and seems to have been like a place where some folks are selling that whole one, you know, 105, 109 window seems to be a popular sale area. Is the main goal for a pension fund, the main goal should be to make money, right? Yeah. So the main goal for a pension fund is be able to kind of meet their liabilities, right? Because, you know, when you establish a pension fund, you're contributing capital in and the idea is that, you know, you're going to be working for 30 years and the investments are going to increase in value. And actually about 70 percent of the future payout that you will be receiving is generally generated from market performance. So, you know, if let's say, for example, I'm just going to make up a number here to make this simple math. But let's say you were going to collect, you know, one hundred thousand dollars in your pension, you would have probably contributed about thirty thousand. And that other seventy thousand that's paying out your your benefit is through market appreciation, generally speaking. So, you know, it's important to have assets that are appreciating. So Bitcoin is the best performing asset. Why only two, three percent? Well, OK, so that's a good question, too. So and this is something that we kind of we're trying to back into it with the pension funds is like, OK, what is the right amount that you can so, you know, if you think about like the contribution of a faying stock to a normal portfolio, like a 60 40 pension portfolio, it is approximately four percent on average is the volatility contribution to the portfolio from the faying stock. We have seven things stocks we got are magnificent seven, I should be saying the Magnificent Seven. So you have seven of them. It's approximately 20 percent of the portfolio of all comes from those seven stocks. Now, if we were to try to defend a position in Bitcoin, if you had a two percent position in Bitcoin, you have approximately about five percent contribution to the overall portfolio volatility. So, you know, you can kind of make a case. Well, if you're OK with, you know, Facebook or, you know, one of the magnificent seven stocks, Apple, whatever, you should be OK with the volatility that's being introduced by Bitcoin if it's sized similarly. Now, that means in that case, it has to be about a two percent position. I want to talk about your new fund. You have three products, Yield, Income and Alpha. Yes. Can you break it down for us? Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, Blockstream is, you know, historically been a company that is this technology service provider to the Bitcoin ecosystem. Right. So Blockstream has historically also been kind of built by solving their own problems. Right. They are old Bitcoiners that are been around forever and they come into problems and like, well, how do we how do we how do we solve this? Well, we'll just build it. You sound like Adam Beck. Yeah. Well, I've been spending a lot of time with Adam. Yeah. Maybe maybe I've heard his. You become the five closest people around you. Yeah. Right. Right. Yeah. Well, I mean, I've been on the road with Adam for a month. Yeah. So, I mean, you know, and this is one of the really fun things about this role, like leaving a hedge fund to join Blockstream. So why would you do that? Like you're a GP at a hedge fund. You're making great, you know, great income. Why would you leave that on the table? You just won. Multi-strat credit hedge fund of the year 2022, 2023 back to back. You beat PIMCO, Bloomberg Hedge Week. But every time I'd talk to the Blockstreamers and every time I'd hang up the phone, I'd say to my wife, I'm like, man, that was an interesting conversation. Like these folks are working on some really interesting challenges and problems that, you know, I mean, you know, when you're a credit hedge fund manager or, you know, you kind of have a playbook. You stay in your playbook, you stay in your swim lane. You know, if you do everything right, you'll be one of the top performing funds and maybe you'll have a Bloomberg Hedge Week award, you know. And so this is where, you know, we're really going into unchartered territory where, you know, for example, with our Bitcoin Yield Fund, you know, I would describe it as, hey, we've got a machete, we're in the jungle and we are hacking our path through. We are trying to figure out how can we do this safely and without risking our Bitcoin, because believe me, nobody at Blockstream wants to lose their Bitcoin, right? And we are our own biggest customer. We eat our own dog food. You know, so that's what we're working on. So on the Bitcoin Yield Fund, there's a couple of different ways you can look at this. And, you know, again, I should caveat it because people are like, well, you know, what kind of return? Well, it's a very low return. So on the Yield Fund, we're looking at a 2 to 4% return. So very, very almost like a money market we're trying to create, you know. So how do you do that? How do you get Yield on Bitcoin? Well, there's, you know, certainly options strategies that people are using to try to do this. It can be a little more risky in terms of, you know, you know, the call side of things, getting your Bitcoin called away. You know, but they're selling call options on Bitcoin. Yeah, that's a very common strategy. We're, you know, we're exploring that. But you have to be very careful about selling upside Bitcoin. You know, now, if you tell me, hey, Sean, we're interested in selling puts. Oh, OK. I'm always happy to own Bitcoin on the break. All right. I'll take that trade all day. So that one is a little more easy to do. But then you also have other opportunities with like ETPs, right? So we have this huge surge of growth that, you know, with the exchange traded funds and, you know, the exchange traded funds, you know, may have a big flow into the fund and they may not be able to buy all the Bitcoin in the open market that they need to buy that day. So they borrow Bitcoin on an overnight revolver. Right. And so those are interesting ways of capturing yield. Yes. You know, Bitcoin miners, right. You know, those folks, you know, some of those folks will borrow Bitcoin to pay expenses. But understanding and knowing that they are going to be mining and minting new bitcoins. Why do you think Bitcoin miners have underperformed Bitcoin this year? I think it's a very, very, very capital intensive business, you know, and, you know, you know, I've actually financed a couple of Bitcoin miners at my prior hedge fund, primarily in capital management. We we financed some some Bitcoin miners up in Ohio that were connected into a nuclear power plant. And we did it a little differently. We were like, OK, for collateral, we don't want the ASICs. We want your commercial grade electrical equipment, you know, the transformers, the substation, the mid voltage electric, et cetera. We need we need a perfected lean on those assets, because if, you know, if you are going to go sideways, those are the assets that we could sell in the secondary market to actually get our money back. Those Bitcoin ASICs depreciate like a lead balloon. So so we we did that approach and then we took some equity warrants on the on the hold. But my my what I came away from during that whole underwriting experience is it's a very capital intensive business. It's very competitive business. You know, your cost of energy is critical. You know, that's why West Texas and these places are so popular. It's really a shame that like places like, you know, Quebec have all this hydro aren't capturing that. Like they could be building their sovereign Bitcoin treasury with basically free electricity like Bhutan. Bhutan is doing that right with Bitdeer and those folks. They're doing that. They're actually making that happen. So so I think, you know, miners underperforming. I think, you know, I think it's it's, you know, if you peel back the onion, it's the capital intensity is just much higher cost of capital. You speak Wall Street language when you meet Bitcoiners. They're in hoodies. Yeah, they are in front of their computers all day. Yes. Was there a culture? I'm wearing the suit because I had to give a speech on the stage. Oh, I don't normally wear this. So you're usually in hoodies. Not a hoodie, not a hoodie, but, you know, business casual. OK, OK. Yeah, I'm not quite the hoodie. But yeah, no, it's true. Yeah. Was it like a culture shock? Well, I grew up in the Silicon Valley. So, you know, I went to high school in Silicon Valley. I went to Stanford Business School, you know, so I've always been around the Silicon Valley. My dad was in the technology industry. You know, I mean, I remember when Apple was going public and, you know, getting, you know, I mean, jeez. I mean, going back to like 1976, getting a Commodore pet computer. Right. I mean, this is like very unusual at that time. You know, my dad bringing home a suitcase that was the first portable laptop called an Osborne, where the little tiny screen like this big that was green letters, this crazy, huge, clunky keyboard. So I've always been around the techies and the Silicon Valley has changed a lot. I mean, like when we were there in the 80s, you know, my dad was a submariner, you know, conservative guy with General Electric, you know, and, you know, you know, technology oriented. But he had a lot of buddies that were like, man, like leftover hippies from the 60s. Right. Like, you know, my dad was very straight laced. So like when he put his Burkitt stocks on, you know, he'd have like, you know, his black business socks or white socks would be like, you know, what's this guy doing? But, you know, like the other dudes, you know, would be further left of my dad in the politics and what have you. But everybody was, you know, everybody was very interested in technology and very interested in tinkering. And everybody was pretty, pretty mellow on politics back in those days. So, you know, certainly, you know, having watched the Silicon Valley evolve over the years, certainly saw the hoody culture come in with Mark Zuckerberg and those folks. And, you know, it's still there. I mean, going back to the three funds, we haven't talked about the Alpha Fund. Yeah. So the Alpha Fund. So so we have the Yield Fund that we just talked about. We have an income fund and then we have an Alpha Fund. So the Yield Fund is really kind of targeted towards like a hodler or a like a Bitcoin treasury company. You know, that type of folks. OK, like you're getting zero on your Bitcoin, but now we can get you two. OK, so they're probably pretty deep in the Bitcoin world. Right. These folks that want to look at our fund on the other side of the extreme. The Alpha Fund is for people that, you know, maybe have got passive Bitcoin exposure. So maybe it's a pension fund that has an ETF exposure with Ibit or, you know, one of the other ETFs. And now they've got their passive slug of Bitcoin allocation and they're looking for some active management around it to complement that. So to kind of buttress that that core Bitcoin allocations. Right. And so there we're really focused on, you know, the model, our business model is like very much like a millennium or point 72 or Citadel, where we have a silo trading teams. And so some of those trading teams will be focused on high frequency trading. Some of those trading teams will be focused on options market making. Right. And options are a really good example of like how inefficient the Bitcoin ecosystem is, because, you know, if you if you think about an option as the maturity goes out, as the strike price goes up, you should have a very smooth smile to the curve. But if you look at like a Bitcoin option curve, it's like, you know, it's all like, oh, geez, this thing's all kinked and out of whack. Right. So there's a lot of opportunity to actually just our options prices. You know, we've all heard about the basis trading, right, with the perps in the spot. You know, those trades come and go, but they can be quite attractive when they're there. Inter exchange arbitrage, surprisingly, every once in a while, we'll see a gap between Bitfinex and Coinbase. It could be three hundred seventy five dollars. We're like, wow, why is this not getting taken out? Why isn't somebody arbing this out? So there's just, you know, these all these different interesting strategies. We do relative value between the Bitcoin treasury companies and even between Bitcoin and the treasury company stock. Right. You know, we have, you know, all kinds of different strategies that we're working on the Alpha Fund. So I would say our yield fund for the old school, you know, Bitcoin and HODLers and corporate treasuries, our Alpha Fund for the folks that are further along the journey than most, but maybe, you know, need to add some kind of active management to their portfolio. And then our income fund, which is really the reason why we started the hedge funds, was the income fund, because we could run our yield and Alpha funds just out of our treasury. You know, we could just plug in Bitcoin. But when we thought about one of the biggest bottlenecks in the ecosystem, it was how do you unlock? How do you unlock all this wealth creation that has happened in the Bitcoin ecosystem? We have these folks that are sitting on tremendous amounts of Bitcoin that don't want to sell it and don't want to trigger taxes. They would actually like to borrow against their Bitcoin. Right. But you can't put your Bitcoin deposit with Merrill Lynch. You can't go bring it over to UBS or Goldman Sachs or whatever, wherever you bank. You know, and, you know, normally we would say, oh, hey, you know, I've got my portfolio and I'm going to cross margin and take a loan against my portfolio like Elon or some of the other folks do. And you never have to sell anything. But that's not really easy to do if you're in the Bitcoin world. So we were trying to think, like, how do we, like, catalyze this and how do we, like, you know, act as a catalyst to kind of speed up the flywheel, turn the flywheel faster? And we're like, well, who's naturally long dollars? Like, who's sitting on dollars? Well, OK, that would be your sovereign wealth, South of the Middle East and your pension funds here in the US, your foundations, your endowments. Those folks are all generally long dollars. And what kind of investment vehicle would we need to create to get them to come into this Bitcoin ecosystem? Well, in general, they're most used to like a hedge fund structure. And that hedge fund should be in the Cayman Islands. Right. And that's the structure that their lawyers are familiar with. That's the structure that they like. And so that's where that's what we said. OK, let's create a fund out of the Cayman Islands for the income strategy at a high level. We're looking at zero for overnight to 12 month loans. We're looking at LTVs between 25 to 65 percent. And we just have a matrix pricing. So if you if you say, hey, I want, you know, a three month loan at a 25 percent LTV, so four times over collateralized, you know, you're going to be at the very low end of our interest rate. You know, matrix would be like seven and a half, eight percent. If you say, oh, hey, Sean, you know what? We want to go to 65 percent LTV for 12 months, then we're going to be at the higher end. You know, we think it would be right around 12. So we kind of try to play in that in that window. We kind of view. The credit markets in Bitcoin being as being very underdeveloped, right? There's two point two trillion plus in value in the Bitcoin ecosystem, but there's only like 16 billion dollars of hedge fund money trading around in this ecosystem. And a lot of that's focused on altcoins. It's not even focused on Bitcoin. And we think that in the Bitcoin ecosystem, it might be as low as maybe five billion. And that's why you have some of these inefficiencies that are occurring in these markets. So so we think that if we can kind of unlock these credit markets, you know, I'm both, you know, borrowing against your Bitcoin or lending your Bitcoin. It's a good it's a good service to provide to the Bitcoin ecosystem. And then if we can kind of, you know, try to tackle the capital market space with our alpha fund, you know, again, trying to bring more efficiency to that market and, you know, in a perfect world, down the road, at some point, we put ourselves out of business, right? These markets are too efficient. There's no extra alpha, nothing there for us to capture anymore. But right now, that's definitely not the case. I know it's block stream. I know it's a bunch of Bitcoiners. But if it was you personally starting a new fund, would you have added altcoins? You know, we we are open to sucking money out of Ethereum, you know, through high frequency trading and then converted into Bitcoin. So, you know, we are open to sucking money out of Solana and then converted into more Bitcoin. That is so scary when he says it. I will suck the money out of Solana. The altcoin vampire fund, that's what I'm going to call you. Yeah, well, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, we do believe that Bitcoin is the first mover, has the big advantage. It's a black hole. And all these things are going to get sucked into it over time. So, you know, in our mind, it's all about how do we get more Bitcoin? We want more Bitcoin. And so, you know, if we're if we're, you know, if we're going into some of these altcoins, you know, you know, dealing with the ETH heads and all the problems they bring into the ecosystem, you know, then, you know, we got to take a toll. We got to take some money out there and convert it back into Bitcoin. So for your alpha fund, just wondering, because you're using Bitcoin to essentially outperform Bitcoin, timing the markets is probably very crucial for you. So what are some important timing indicators that your fund or your traders look at? Well, we really try not to be kind of market timers. We try to be time in the market, if that makes sense. We also explain that. Yeah. So, so, you know, in Bitcoin, and this is not uncommon for other asset classes, too, like in S&P 500 and different things, I think in the S&P 500 is 24 days and Bitcoin, I think it might be as little as 12 days. Like if you miss the biggest 12 days in Bitcoin, you miss the return for the year. Right. So if you're trying to market time, you know, a market that's got a compound and a growth rate of over 65 percent, you know, you've got to be very careful not to miss that upside. Right. Because you have a very strong tailwind here. So we think the opportunities are more in the relative value type of place. Like we were talking about options market making and relative value between Bitcoin treasury companies and high frequency trading where we're in and out of the market, but we're not really taking a long short risk in terms of sitting on cash. Now, you know, is there are there going to be times where we want to step on the gas a little, you know, and maybe put a little extra long exposure on? We're pretty bullish on Bitcoin. So, yes, I mean, you know, that's kind of like the way we look at Bitcoin. But, you know, technical indicators, I really like Tom DeMarc's technical research. You know, he's one of my favorite technicians. We follow him pretty closely. You know, there's some other other ones that we like to like Larry Williams. You know, he's also got some really interesting research. And then, you know, I mean, having started out the Chicago Board of Trade in 1994, you know, I actually took a lot of those classes with the people that wrote the books. You know, so Sheldon Natenberg on option pricing volatility theory, you know, Lawrence McMillan on the options manual, you know, John Murphy, you know, and technical analysis and, you know, Steve Nissan on candlesticks. And I've taken the classes with all the guys that wrote those books. And so I'm definitely very in tune, I think, with technical technicals of the markets. And we try to try to take advantage of that. Earlier, you were talking about Bitcoin treasury companies. We had Simon from MetaPlanet yesterday, and there was a news that says their stock price is six times premium. MNav. What is a fair value? Well, it depends how fast they're growing their Bitcoin stash, right? So MetaPlanet has been growing their Bitcoin stash pretty aggressively, right? Now, if you have so, you know, a good way to think of that would be, OK, MetaPlanet's one of the newer players on the on the block started with a relatively small stash. They've been doing some big, you know, issuance and buying Bitcoin with that. You know, go to the other stream, you know, the Bitcoin pioneer, Michael Saylor and Strategy is a much more mature company, a much bigger company, right? And, you know, they are still accumulating tremendous amounts of Bitcoin, but as a percentage of their overall Bitcoin is a little slower. So it would have a lower MNav. So that one, you know, I think might be one and a half, two, whereas MetaPlanet's at six. So it really kind of depends on where they are in their cycle and the speed of their program and the speed and the consistency of the program to accumulate more Bitcoin. So it's not fair to compare their strategy. Yeah, I think they're just at different points in their life cycle. You know, I mean, I think like, you know, Strategy is, you know, I mean, they're, I mean, you know, they are the first mover, they got the first mover advantage and they're kind of building out the whole capital stack, right? Their strategy, their strife, their strike, their Misty, you know, their convertible notes, their secure lending notes. I mean, like, you know, where do you want to be on the risk curve? And, you know, MicroStrategy has probably got a product for you. Let me play for you this clip of Michael Saylor responding to a question about MNav going negative. Yeah, respond to that. It's 30 seconds. Yeah, we constructed the company so that the company can generate yield and generate gains even at MNav or below MNav. For example, we have $64 billion of Bitcoin. If the stock were to trade to a dollar tomorrow, well, we wouldn't sell the equity. Duh. We would just sell the preferred stock. We would be selling stock over collateralized 10 to 1 against Bitcoin with a 10% yield. And we would generate billions of dollars of gains selling the preferred or the fixed income instrument. At some point, people would say, wow, they're generating gains anyway. And then the value would come back into the equity. I'll just get your reaction to that. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean, like, so I think what Saylor is saying there is, like, OK, if the common stock price crashes, let's say it went to one or something like what he used there, there are other instruments that we can provide that would still be attractive to investors that we would still be able to issue stock, in this case, the preferreds. And then we could still go out and buy Bitcoin and continue to grow our Bitcoin. So I think that's what he's going after there. I think there's a super interesting technical dislocation in the market with convertible debt that you can issue at 0% interest rate, where the conversion premium that's 35% to 50%. You know, if you say, hey, Sean, I'll give you a billion dollars at 0% interest, you know, well, yeah, I will go buy Bitcoin with that because I'm pretty certain I'm going to outperform zero, right? If I have at least a five year window to ride through. So I think, you know, Saylor has, you know, built the full capital stack, really. And to his point there, I think he's just saying that, you know, it's not just issuing equity. It could be preferreds. It could be, you know, converts, whatever the market wants. He's willing to work with them on that. The other interesting thing is on the preferreds that he's talking about there. Let's say the market does dump and let's say Bitcoin goes down substantially, right? Instead of the stock, right? Well, he can just postpone, you know, and delay paying out that dividend on the preferreds, right? They will still accumulate. He'll owe that down the road. But like, he won't get into a cash crunch per se, right? He won't. He can, you know, basically put those on hold. There is this thing called Liquid Network and it has something to do with your T plus two sediment. Well, liquid is again, block streamers solving their own problems. So, you know, the Bitcoin blockchain, you know, block every 10 minutes, you know, full transparency, right? So we know exactly what Sean bought, you know, when he bought it, how much he spent on it. If we know his wallet, right? So the block streamers are like, gee whiz, like, you know, could we make a faster settlement? Could we go to a one minute block and for settlement? And could we provide confidential transaction capability so that we don't know what Sean bought or sold? We just know that, you know, money moved from this wallet to that wallet. And that was kind of the idea of the Bitcoin blockchain. I think right now the second largest L2 on the Bitcoin protocol after Babylon, I think we have approximately three point two billion dollars on that chain. I don't really advertise it a lot or talk about it a lot, but it's, you know, all Bitcoin native, you know, financial products or financial products that were traditional that needed kind of a technical update. So, like, a good example is the Bitcoin blockchain. traditional that needed kind of a technical update. So like a good example is we have $1.8 billion of notes from Mexico for small businesses. And Mexico is pretty inefficient. Paper is how things were getting done. And they kind of switched over to DocuSign and got things tokenized and put them on liquid. And boom, this market just took off. And so we have US banks that are buying Mexican small business loans that are rolled up and packaged on liquid. And just really fueling the democratization of access to capital for the Mexican retail and small business crowd. So I think liquid layer two, I think, is going to be something really to keep a close eye on. I think when I joined, which was seven months ago, we had about $1.6 billion on that chain. And it's basically now doubled in six months. So I think we'll be probably, I would not be surprised if we overtook Babylon in the not too distant future. Adam Bach talked about when Bitcoin first came out, people were not very comfortable with the transparency. There was no privacy. But now people are building all these layer twos to protect their privacy. How should we look at it? Which is better? Well, I think there's certainly a lot of benefits to the Bitcoin the way it was designed to provide sunshine on transactions. Everybody, I think, in the Bitcoin ecosystem knows you do not want to be doing nefarious business on the Bitcoin blockchain. That's a really bad idea. On the flip side, do I necessarily want people knowing exactly what's in my bank account? Do I want people to necessarily have that visibility? So if we think about our regular banking accounts right now, you may know my checking account number to maybe you sent money or pulled money from it. But you wouldn't know the balance. And so I think some of these layer twos are basically providing some of that functionality, where, OK, maybe you have the wallet address, but you wouldn't necessarily have visibility into the amount of money in the wallet, which is good for privacy, I think. So I guess that's one of the things I think the cypher punks, which Adam is one of the OGs of the cypher punk crowd, I think those folks really do value privacy. They're all cryptographers and want to protect their privacy and the freedom of speech and these things. And I think that's why you see some of those layer twos, why they were working on them. Well, I have one more question for you. Give us one trading mistake you've made on Bitcoin, lessons we can all learn from that. Oh, yeah. OK, so this is actually a very interesting question. And for context, I was having a conversation with a fellow who's done quite well on Bitcoin, one of these whales. And I said, jeez, man, I'm like, how were you able to sit on your Bitcoin? OK, you know, you're a middle class guy. All of a sudden, you're worth $100 million. Weren't you tempted to ring that register? What about when you hit a billion? Weren't you tempted to ring that register? OK, so you may have passed a billion now. When you hit 10 billion, weren't you kind of tempted to hit that register? And the story that I was told was that these folks that were very early made this decision to sell some of their Bitcoins to buy whatever it was. Could have been a car. Could have been a nice trip for the family. But they got in when Bitcoin was $0.10 or $1 or whatever. And so, hey, when it hit $1, I'm going to sell some Bitcoin and buy whatever I was going to buy. And then, oh, hey, Bitcoin hit $10. I'm going to sell some Bitcoin and buy some more stuff. Wow, OK, now it's at $100. I sold some stuff, but jeez, every time I sell, it keeps going up, right? So this is becoming very expensive purchases. And so those folks were just very early to get that lesson learned. So for me, I first heard about Bitcoin in 2014. I first started buying Bitcoin in 2016. And so I came into the picture later. So I had to run up to $1,000, $1,100, whatever it was, and then crash down to $250. I had some technical alerts on the markets. By the time I got my Coinbase account open, by the time I got Bank of America to transfer the money and Coinbase to accept it and let me actually buy the Bitcoin, I was like, $56. And when Bitcoin ran up to $12,600, whatever it was, I'm like, yeah, I just made 38 times my money as a macro investor. That's insane. This is insane. I have to ring the register. Then I watched it go to $20,000. I'm like, oh, my god, this thing just went to $20,000. I'm like, shit, I've got to figure out how to get back in. And then it crashed down to $3,700, which was my technical level. I'm like, OK, I got my orders in. I'm buying and getting back in. And I'm like, OK, I'm just going to sit tight. And boom, we're on our way back up to $20,000. I'm like, OK, this is probably a double top. Being a technician, it's probably going to be a double top. Sell it at $20,000, make another six times my money, feeling good. And boom, it pops through. It goes to $60,000. So I'm like, jeez. I'm like, I just sat on my original Bitcoin at $450,000 and just let it. And this is going back to our earlier conversation about time in the market versus timing the market. And this was a very painful lesson to learn, but better to learn it earlier than later. And so then when it came back down to $17,000, I reload again. And that was the last time I sold. We were talking to Michael Turpin yesterday. And he has a book that talks about the four seasons in Bitcoin. And basically, it's been proven many times that the seasons are correct. And his argument is if you could just sell in summer and buy in winter, you could have 4x your Bitcoin amount. I thought I'd go read Mr. Turpin's book. But do you think a regular investor could do that? Well, you do see some of those types of patterns in traditional markets. So it's certainly possible. I'd have to go look at it and read it. There are people that trade this presidential cycles. And they sell in May and go away. And that's also maybe another version of this, close to the summer. So it wouldn't surprise me if there was some cycle like that. Very hard, though, for I think retail folks to stay disciplined on that. Because if you're out traveling and you forget about it and you don't get it back on, then you're like, oh, god, now I got to pay up to get it back into this position. So I think, again, for most folks, dollar cost averaging in, time in the market, let it compound. And we think there's a very strong case for it. I'm not going to invest in it in a way. But we think there's a very strong case that Bitcoin can 10x from here. Million dollar Bitcoin will not be surprising to us. All right, let's end it on that happy, hopeful note. Thank you very much, Sean. OK, thanks for having me. My pleasure. Yep, thanks for having me. Thanks.