 The inflow of these stablecoin is an indicator that buyers are coming in. Because most retail users don't actually buy or mint USDT. Bonnie, have you minted USDT before? Nope. How do you make sure you quickly buy, but you can also quickly redeem when people want their money back? When you're holding a stablecoin, you are holding claim to someone, right? So when you hold USDT, you have a one-dollar claim to Tether. When you hold CRVUSD, you have a one-dollar claim to the CRVUSD smart contract. You have to trust that the issuer of that stablecoin is going to give you your money back because you have to believe that the person who you're going to give that stablecoin to also believes that. You talked about the inflation in Argentina. Can you just help me visualize how bad it is? You lose context of what things are worth. Let's say you take a two-month trip somewhere, you come back, and you have to think about the prices in the supermarket in US dollars. How many layers of risk are you taking when you're buying some of these decentralized stablecoins? Probably tens of layers. You need one to go wrong. The sophisticated actor is going to get up very quickly, and then you're going to be holding the bag. The value of ETH comes from its utility as if you like digital oil, the power of the Ethereum blockchain. So as the transactions move to layer two, I do wonder what the price will be of ETH as a guess in layer one. So that might affect long-term projections of the value. Okay, hello guys. We have Elvin from DJ. Hello. Martin from Mountain Protocol. Hey, good morning. And we have Chris from Mr. Block. Yay. Howdy. Hello, hello. Okay, we're going to talk about stablecoins today. And I feel like recently we've seen a surge in stablecoin, and the total stablecoin market cap is at 150 billion right now. What does the influence and outflow of these stablecoins tell you about the market? I've been in the crypto since 2011. That's when I first bought Bitcoin. And then back in the days, there wasn't Tether. They weren't USDC. It's OVHUB. People buy Bitcoin with Taiwan dollar. People buy crypto with RMB, with USD. When I first saw Tether, it was around 2013, 2014, 2015. It was on the Omni layer, the Omni chain. The total TBL was like a million, I think, whenever I saw it. There was no one using it. And then obviously, it really became huge in 2017 when Chinese government decided to ban crypto exchange. And people have to find a way to kind of go through these loopholes. That's where the stablecoin came out. I want to give this little background because ever since then, it became a way to track these inflow and outflow. Because before that, it was impossible because we wouldn't know how much money these exchange kept in the bank account. We wouldn't know if they're a billion dollar or 10 billion dollar. There was no transparency report. The idea didn't even exist. USDT became one of the main stablecoin on Binance. And Binance became one of the largest crypto exchange surpassing Kraken, Coinbase, and everyone else. From then, it became obvious the inflow of these stablecoins is an indicator that buyers are coming in. Because most retail users don't actually buy or mint USDT. Bonnie, have you minted USDT before? No. So most of us, we're retail. We're whales. If they want to put in 10 million or 100 million, or a billion, dare I say, they'll go through these stablecoin companies. From then, it became an indicator. So coming back to your question, I think it's still a really strong indicator. After 2017, USDT, USDC died. Multiple types of stablecoin design, multi-collateral design, single collateral design, the MakerDial liquidity design, out-go stablecoin design. There's multiple ways to design these stablecoins. But all in all, it still comes down to USDT. That became one of the main indicators to know that the market is getting hot again. So I think it's still a strong indicator. I very much agree with that. I would say the way I look at it is stablecoin is going to be thinking about the use cases. So the first use case, as Chris said, is trading and trading settlement. So you would see USDT being used to settle between exchanges and move out of BTC settlement to a stablecoin settlement. I think USDT has grown through the last bear market substantially. And at least in my mental model, that is a different use cases, which is emerging economies, saving account. I've got people that hold a thousand USDT, 10,000 USDT, or companies that hold 10 million USDT as a way of holding the equivalent of a US dollar bank account. And that is a use case that I think is taking over USDT and is saving a lot of the growth of USDT, and especially during the bear market. And then you have the use case of DeFi, I think, mostly owned by USDC, right on L2s and so on. The last piece that I've seen recently on the stablecoin development is kind of a move out of stablecoins back again. So you see large institutions that are trading in exchanges and as opposed to keeping stablecoins in exchange as a way to trade, they're doing a three-party arrangement using a bank account with T-bills so they can capture the 5% yield while trading in that exchange. A lot of the compression in stablecoin volumes has been due to that. Now the market is heating up, there's lots of inflows, but there are those outflows. So going back to Chris's tracking, what's happening, I think we're starting to lose track again given these three-party arrangements, especially for large traders in many of these exchanges. And a little bit of what we hope to do is to make that in this market so we can continue to keep track and return on your stablecoins and actually use the stablecoins as they're meant to be. So all in all, I would say market is heating up, stablecoins coming in, retail using stablecoins for other use cases over the trading, mostly savings account, but also you see an outflow on these three-party arrangements, which are quite substantial, like hundreds of millions of dollars or billions of dollars in some cases. So how do stablecoin issuers make money? Yes, I can go to that question. If you look at USDT, they've been public about how much money they make. They make a lot more money than Ethereum cash fees. I think 2x the money that every user spends on Ethereum cash fees. From a fintech perspective, it's one of the best fintechs I've built in the history. I probably compared to PayPal or Stripe or something like that. The way they make money is if you give them a dollar, they put that dollar to work, hopefully it would be at 5%. We don't know exactly what the terrorist composter, they say they're investing into a biotech company. That money is getting invested and you as the holder of USDT or USDC, you're earning 0% from that value. The equivalent to a USDT or USDC would be like holding stake E but lighter charging 100% so they pass you 0. When you look at it that way, it's kind of insane, but that's the amount of money you make. Each staking is currently paying 3%. Short-term treasuries are paying 5. So it's almost double the revenue of Ethereum staking and they get to keep 100%. That is the biggest dollars every year that the whole crypto ecosystem is getting sucked out of the crypto ecosystem for these issuers and essentially generating a lot of drag in the ecosystem. Okay, Chris, do you have anything to add? I think stablecoin issuer has a really strong edge here and it's rightfully there. It has all these use cases everywhere in crypto, obviously talking about USDT. They don't really have to give any of those yields to USDT holders. Tether is one of the biggest T-bill buyers. They don't really share any of those yields to USDT holders and USDT holders would actually have to pay linking fee and redeeming redemption fee. Essentially, they have, like Marcus said, one of the best pin type design ever and all they really have to do is make sure that one is they don't get taken down and I think that's one of the main reasons they're buying so much T-bill. On the other hand, it's trying to get USDT accepted everywhere. So everyone is on this boat. If it gets taken down, then you have more hundreds of millions of people that host USDT. All its competitors are trying really hard, more transparent, both audits, the legal side of stuff. So I think there's always going to be pros and cons when it comes to stablecoin. I think Tether has a very unique position, but that doesn't mean that other stablecoin protocol will not have the time. We like to see more and more choices for these stablecoin protocols and stablecoin company. I like to say that there are different types of stablecoin out there. On Curve, there's CRBUSD, LUSD, and their use cases are very, very different. When it comes to creating a stablecoin, it's not only about these pure yields, it's also about how do you find these target audience and create a product that's catered to them and keep growing. For example, Athena recently created a very interesting use cases that previously people weren't really looking at it. So USDT now has around 1.3 billion, shows that people that are able to take high risks. These people are so much with Luna, right? Luna, USDT user. I'm not saying Athena is not like Luna, but I'm saying that it also has this high yields to attract people. And that's like opposite from Tether, where Tether don't give you any yields and charge a lot of money, but because everyone everywhere can use it, so people use Tether. But then on the other spectrum, you have protocol that wants to track these 1% of users that want high yields. USDT last I checked has 70% of the market cap. If there are other stablecoin issuers that gives more attractive like yield, why is USDT still dominating? It's like Visa and MasterCard. If you're trying to create a new credit card network, it is very, very hard because each customer you go talk to, they want their merchant to accept it. So they want to use that last they can get accepted. And each merchant you talk to wants consumers to pay for that card. So in the end, you're kind of getting a chicken and an egg problem where the network effect of acceptability or people accepting USDT as an equivalent of $1 is very, very deep for USDT. Even USDC has not been able to break down at the point where USDT is right. Like I'm from Argentina, when I go there and try to buy Argentina pesos with crypto, the people who exchange will only take USDT on track. That's the only thing that they accept in crypto. So that is the biggest reason is acceptability people and education of this mass market is not that easy. And the acceptability that USDT gets gives it a very strong gravity around the $1 because there's always someone willing to take the USDT around $1. So the purpose of the asset being more transactional and acceptability that asset has gives it a very strong moat when we are trying to get in or it's trying to get in. Or it's trying to get into that space. This is something to me that the traditional stable coins like USDT and USDC we don't see they take so much of the yield. When we saw multi-protocol there's a great replication that you could have a unit account that's you know, tied to the US dollar but also generating yield as it sits there in this case decades. So my suspicion is that the era of USDT dominance is not going away in time soon but it's slowly being eroded by all these new models eventually. We are going to talk about all the different types of stable coins because when I talk to people like my uncle or my auntie a lot of people outside crypto they do not understand the concept of stable coin. They think these issuers are printing money out of thin air. We do have a lot of different types of stable coins and can you give us examples of the specific type of stable coin and explain to us the process of making each type of stable coin? What has to happen before you create for example one USDT or like one USDM? Let's start with Martin. You want to talk about fiat stable coins? Yeah I would say fiat backed stable coins are stable coins backed with cash equivalents. When you give us a dollar give USDT or USDC a dollar what happens is we will turn around give that dollar to a custodian and they will buy one dollar worth of a very short term US treasuries or a repo or something which in accounting is called cash equivalents. That way that money is essentially lent out to the US government. The US government will pay you five percent interest for doing that transaction and that is held as collateral. The quality or the legal claim in that collateral is a big question right like how safe is that from the issue going down? I think there's a different palette of colors in how safe that is but everyone essentially has a reserve held in TBOs and then on the other side there's a minting of that new USDT USDM that is given to the primary buyer in this case usually institutional buyers. So for one dollar that comes in it turns into a TBO and that turns into a near-signal that gets out. So essentially it's a TBO on the back and then near-signal on the front. That is the definition of a fiat backed stable coin and the challenge of running these models is how do you make sure you quickly buy but you can also quickly redeem when people want to buy back and it's all about building a very strong financial IPP into that operation. Chris do you want to talk about crypto backed stable coins? We talk a lot about the BIA ones and then how you know it generates from TBO. You know crypto is in a very different way where mostly it's over-collaborate and it all started with a single collateral designed by MakerDAO where it used ETH as collateral and you know before we moved from proof of work to proof of stake, holding ETH had zero yields. Back then there wasn't this concept where it was impossible to have collateral to earn yields not like how Teder convinced USDT or USDM for Mountain to earn from TBO. But now with LRT protocol and LSD it is now possible for multi-collateral backed LSD stable coin that generates 4-5% yield similar to TBO in an ETH format. So a good example of this protocol is Prisma which uses these LRT protocols. So essentially on top of the 4-5% yields that generate from using your ETH as collateral you will also earn bottom line protocols such as IDA layer and POPFOR finance or Etherfine. So that's the beauty about these crypto backed stable coin is that it gives you access to DeFi. When you come into DeFi there is smart contract risks, all type of contract party risks, you know you can lose your private key for example. In return you have high yields from these protocols. In the current market there's three main stable coin protocols and that is the MakerDell design which you'll need liquidator to come in and liquidate. One of them has it but MakerDell specifically you need liquidator to come in. If ETH price goes down then use this ability pool to go and buy these trophes that has a lower collateral ratio. And then there is Curve and AvieModel. The Curve design is kind of learning from the previous two designs and have what we call soft liquidation. So that instead of having this really harsh liquidation when it comes to these black swan events, we have this more of a soft lending design. When we talk about crypto backed stable coin, crypto backed everything is on chain. So you could have liquidator that will just jump in and try to profit from these positions. In Curve design if your collateral price goes down you don't instantly get liquidated because the price might jump back up. If it doesn't get fully liquidated you still have a chance to kind of slowly get back back. So the idea is that let's say you have a million dollar worth of ETH as collateral and the protocol means let's say 100k. That means you're a thousand percent collateral ratio. And let's say all of a sudden for some reason went down to like I don't know a hundred dollars or something. And then theoretically the whole position could be liquidated. So having a soft liquidation essentially needed time to pack back. And most of the time a hacker they use this thing called flash loans. So the whole thing had to happen in one block. Anything outside of one block is not possible and not profitable. A soft liquidation also help us protect from these potential exploiters that could exploit the protocol. And also make sure that the stable coin venture don't lose that much money. And just like what Martin said before, USDT has this moat. And then even with Perf where we think we have a very innovative design of stable coin, it still comes down to how many people actually do CRB USD and who wants it and how much yield can we really get out. And I can tell you having these over cloud-rise stable coins, so imagine you go to a bank and you want to borrow a hundred dollars. You give the bank $300 deposit and you borrow a hundred dollars. It doesn't make much sense. LRT I think it's possible. That's why we think these LRT-backed stable coin has a lot of chances. And I encourage stable coin and hence that in a way that not only you have these LRT yields, on top of that you can use that in the current ecosystem. That's great. Thank you so much, Chris. Let's talk about Elgo. Elgo's stable coin. I think the classic example that everyone would know is Terra Luna. It crashed but before that everyone thought it was the best thing since sliced bread because you could get high yields. Right. So essentially what algorithmic stable coin does is that through smart contracts and some kind of algorithm, it ties the value of the stable coin to the US dollar. The cool thing is that there's no centralized force doing this, which is also a potential disaster. In the case of Terra Luna, the USD was pegged to the dollar. Anytime that the USD went below the value of the dollar, you could swap it for one dollar worth of Luna and then the price would start to go back up as people bought USD and vice versa. So this mechanism is very clever in maintaining the tag of USD to a dollar. However, the problem comes when obviously there's a run and people lose confidence in the Luna ecosystem, the Terra ecosystem. And that's exactly what happened. There was a death spiral as we all know and Luna USD went to zero. So this is obviously in hindsight a flawed design, but the beauty of it was that it was so captivating and it just kept high yields and it was automatic. At the time I seriously thought that Luna could succeed because it had an ecosystem backing up. This is a classic example of algorithmic stable coin. Very dangerous but very sexy. Now I would say to sum up, I think when you're holding a stable coin, you are holding claim to someone. So when you hold USDT, you have a one dollar claim to Tether. When you hold CRD USD, you have a one dollar claim to the CRD USD smart contract. You have to trust that the issuer of that stable coin is going to give you your money back because you have to believe that the person who you're going to give that stable coin to also believes that. You drink directly from the source, so you use the US government, your stable is the US government. They have essentially, so you're directly at the source. And then you can get into more creative ways of actually building this like a very good claim. The issue, the trade off here is the creativity brings a lot of value. So to yield related to crypto bank stable coins is definitely today higher than the yield created by the US government. But there is a trade off with how easy it is to explain to the person who's going to give that dollar to that they're going to go and be able to actually claim it back. And the more complex the design, I think it gets interesting from a study perspective, but it gets a lot harder to explain the person you're going to give that dollar to afterwards, why they should trust that that claim is going to work. Let's talk about Mountain Protocol, USDM then. USDM is a new stable coin backed by UST bills. What is the story behind creating USDM? My background, I've been working in traditional banks for almost 10 years. Very familiar with like deposit and lending institutions. I've been in crypto. I'm from Argentina, so very serious situation. Like we have a lot of inflation. I started buying Bitcoin. That was the first thing I could buy essentially from inflation and being in the crypto space ever since. When Luna happened and interest rates in crypto went down almost to zero. I was essentially free to get money. I was like, okay, where should I put my money? I started putting my money in the USDM. I'm surprised at the gap. At the time, the USDM was were paying 1.7% and Aave was 0. something. So I was essentially looking at Aave and just putting money on Titos myself. I was like, it's ridiculous that then it clicked. It's ridiculous that Serco is making all this money. And then people are putting it in smart contracts. They're exploiting their Ethernet smart contract. And then Serco is doing nothing and they're getting 1.7%. There has to be someone who has to have solved this problem. I also had my mom ask me, what should I do with my money? Because I also managed to not have money for her. I was like, there's nothing I can do for you. I was like, we should have a better way of building a very safe asset. I don't think we need to reinvent what the safest stable coin looks like. The impact stable coins have gone on several up and down cycles. We know they can grow. We know they can come down. But we have to create a stable coin that is fair for the user in that it's not extracting all the value. It's actually paying most of the value to the holder in the form of rewards. So that was the insight for you. On the implementation side, we're very much around how do we build this to be future proof. We know this is not going to be a degen product. Degens are going to go for riskier products. This is for people who want to be conservative. How do we make sure we build a product with the best guarantees that you have? So we decided to go regulated. We are one of the only regulated stable coin issuers and the only yield-based stable coin issuer. What that means when you say regulated is you're trusting us, but you're also trusting a regulator that is pulling their stamp and that we're doing things properly from audience, from how we manage your processes and everything else. And then the quality of your asset is a lot better. And especially for institutions, they really like you with the end on how it's built and it gives them a lot more comfort. It took almost 18 months to get all of that there. And we launched our Q4 last year and they're currently sitting at around 150 million EPL. It goes to PayPal, which is like $1 million ahead of us. So probably we'll pass them soon. Wow. Congratulations. You talked about the inflation in Argentina. Can you just help me visualize how bad it is? Several things. People that have not lived in high inflation environments have a very hard time imagining what it looks like. So first thing, since 2011, which was my first salary, which went to Bitcoin, I have never seen inflation in Argentina below 40% per year. That has been the minimum. Last year inflation was, there were some months of 300% annual inflation. So anything from 40 to 300 was kind of what we've seen in the last kind of decade. What does that inflation mean? It's in the context of what things are worth. Let's say you take a two-month trip somewhere, you come back and you have to think about the prices in the supermarket in US dollars. Because if you think about it, they don't make any sense when you think about them. Because in two months you might have had 20% inflation. So is this cheap or not? It's hard to get a sense. Many things change. So when society starts to get used to that inflation, people that wouldn't traditionally be in crypto start being on crypto. My grandma, she buys USB now. She used to buy USB-T. So she gets her retirement income in the first five days of the month, and she buys dollars and then gives those dollars until she needs to sell to pay her credit card. She's 89 and she doesn't make that much money. But everyone is a CFO in the country. If you have not gone to Argentina, I think it's a pretty nice place to go and actually see economics push to their limit and what free markets do to actually solve these things. But the biggest thing people are searching is money. That's why people are so popular in a place like Argentina. Because even though they use dollar funds to solve inflation, 5% or 10% or 8% we had last year is nothing compared to 200. So people mentalize 8% as a junior to zero in terms of inflation. It's really hard for me to imagine that. I actually went to Argentina pre-COVID and it was the most beautiful place. We were just walking dogs. Everyone was living their life. It's very hard to imagine all that. And the example you gave was pretty amazing, how you go on a trip and come back. If you were to create one USDM, what has to happen before that? Or what does the process look like? Now that we have the license and all the financial infrastructure, creating a USDM is quite simple. You can send us a US dollar, make a wire transfer or a switch transfer, or you can send us a USBC. And we'll create your account with one dollar and then you can withdraw one USDM. What's going to happen in the background is once we receive the asset, we're going to market as a dollar in the USDM reserve database. That is going to get invested, sent to an investment manager. We recently announced we're working with BlackRock's recent fund. So that was going to be essentially managed by them. And then on the asset side, we're going to mint a new USDM. So that means process, we usually have some USDM that we hold on balance sheet, but if you're going to be doing a larger purchase, we're going to mint and we're going to send that to you. So it's a very straightforward process in which money comes in, different out for investment, and then new minting happens and markets come back to you. And again, our job is to make sure that those checks and balances always work so that the USDM is always back. And when you mint or redeem, those two accounts essentially check out. Where can we find USDM? And what are the best ways to use it, to utilize it? The best way to find USDM is using the gates. So you reach any asset into the gate and you get a centralized trading experience that is actually decentralized. So you own full custody. You can use USDM for trading. I think the biggest use case for USDM indicated is you just use the, for example, each USDM pair, which allows you to trade when you're in ETH, you're in ETH, but when you're in dollars, right on the other side of that trade, you're earning the reward rate of USDM, which is currently at 5%. So essentially, you kind of get the best of both worlds. You are having your trading activity, but at the same time, sometimes you are long and you're in ETH and you earn all the ups and downs of ETH, but sometimes you're short and you're on the USD side, you're earning that 5%. We are having to think about that. And then at the end of the day, your money just go and claim your reward in the U.S. quite simple. That is amazing. Alvin, why did D-gate decide to enter USDM? First of all, I think that as you can all see, Martin is, he knows the stuff super well. Whenever I see Martin on videos, he's always to the point, crisp in his logic and warm. So I think that the team in general is a top notch team. I think that if you look at the background of the team, and not just the USDM team, but the team of investors like Nick Carter from Casa Island Ventures, I think it's Coinbase and a few others. So in my perspective, it was an easy decision. So one crucial point is that USDM is a quote token, which means that it can be used as a unit account to do like maybe ETH versus USDM or WBTC versus USDM or any other token versus USDM. So I think that integration is because we saw how committed and how clear thinking and long-term thinking the team was. One important philosophical point is that one dollar has to be one dollar. So USDM, because we base this like the unit of account is one dollar, the 5% yield is given back to you as a rebasing. So maybe in a year, you have 100 USDM, you get 5 USDM more as a rebase. So philosophically, people over time will tend to see something like USDM as a unit of account as one dollar. And that helps them to make decisions. I think that it has been helpful to the D-gate ecosystem to have USDM in it. On the unit of account, I think if you're going to have stable coin, you have to be able to pay for a coffee without pulling up your calculator and CoinGecko to find actual price. So if I'm going to be paying for coffee with SDI or with BTC or with whatever, like whatever non-stable coin, you have to do so many steps. And in the end, that friction will make it so you're not going to do it. Okay, great. We talk about all the great stuff about stable coins, but we want to touch on that risk. Earlier on, you talked about Luna UST, right? I want to ask you if you have seen any other type of algo stable coins that are alive and doing okay, doing well, what are they doing differently than UST? We kind of have Athena, which one might argue that it's not an algo stable or it is an algo stable, relies on a mix of collateral and some sort of a mechanic, these long short trading strategy to maintain PEG is an algo stable. And I think right now the hypes are around Athena, having supporter from Deribit, Fibmex, Authorheads, Binance, you name it. Everyone is kind of like in there around and kind of supporting that. So I think that's also an important ingredient for a successful algo stable coin. There's a spiral. There is a potential where the asset I use as collateral to a DPEC or go below or go undervalued due to any sort of electronic event. In this case, it's hard to do it. But I think Athena might be able to do it just because they have learned from all these previous cases and kind of build these prevention mechanism that allows it to not go into your crazy spiral. UST is kind of an algo stable as well, right? UST is probably under-collaborate, but it has a bunch of use cases, a bunch of venues, and everyone believe it. And they have the biggest, dopest army in the world. So everyone's afraid of it. So even though it's under-collaborate, it's still packed. I think everyone is not wrong trying to recreate something like that in crypto. And whoever that can actually do it might be as successful as Bitfinex. Because essentially, you will not only be able to print money out from thinner, but you will also be able to convince a bunch of people to use it. And that is one of the greatest creations, if possible. How will Luna work? As you use Luna as collateral, and you mint UST. And if UST goes below packed, then you've mint more Luna, and it goes in. But then as panic heads in, people start selling UST, then you mint more Luna. I think it is possible to save it if they just decide not to mint any Luna, and just be like, let it be packed for a while. If we think about it, right? USDC was de-packed for two days during the Southern Valley Bank crisis. And actually, it was de-packed for a week, if we think about it. And if you give it enough time for people to calm down, then there are ways to save it. It's the same thing with the Fed-Race interest rate. It's kind of to ensure fear, right? To tell people, you should stop spending money, or you should start spending money. It's not as effective retail, but it is incredibly effective when you want to tell a story. You should be like, the inflation is high right now, or we are in a quantitative easing, or we're strengthening. So it's about that message. So I think a lot of people that are designing stablecoin have to remember how important it is to communicate to the retail and tell them, be like, yo, I know shit has hit the fence, but you guys have to calm down, and not to sell, and then try to figure stuff out. I think at that time, Luna had a chance to kind of communicate, but at the same time, they keep printing money. If they decide to stop printing Luna, wait a bit for 10 days, they might have a chance. We can play this on ChachiBP&C if the scenario works out. Yeah, because practically, yeah, it sounds right, but to actually do it. Yeah, I think Dope One or their team has a key, right? They can sign the multi-state to stop printing. Yeah, definitely. Any of these decentralized stablecoins are not decentralized. That's great. The way I look at risk as stablecoins is very much going back into how banks manage risk. So when you have a stablecoin, you usually have $1 backing for $1 of liability. Usually, there's some form of impairment on the collateral. Instead of having $1 to $1, you have $0.98 to $1. You have $0.02 that are not going to be recoverable, at least for the short term. What you end up having is the smart people that have this dollar, they're going to claim it back to capture the $0.98 to make sure that they're not left with the loss. That's what generates the bank run. Then the last person to go in, usually retail, will get zero. In Luna, we saw that some of the sophisticated actors exited and made a ton of money with Luna, and then retail ended up holding the back. I think the issue that we see with many of the stablecoins getting created is they assume everything is going to go well. The level of counterparty risk that gets layered on top of layers of counterparty risk on the collateral side, you need one thing to go wrong for the whole stablecoin to create a bank run. I'm a big skeptic on having my grandma buy any kind of crypto-backed stablecoins or algorithmic stablecoins because I believe my grandma, she's going to be holding the back. She's not sophisticated. I think that applies to many people in retail. How many layers of risk are you taking when you're buying some of these essentially stablecoins? Probably tens of layers. You didn't want to go wrong. The sophisticated actor is going to get up very quickly, and then you're going to be holding the back. I think that's the risk that you should be looking for when you're looking to buy a stablecoin, or actually any type of asset. I think stablecoins, particularly given the leverage, is am I going to be the fast capital leading, or am I going to be the slow capital holding the back? If you're the slow capital holding the back, you need to make sure that it's never going to explode. The simpler the model, the less likely it is for it to actually explode. When I think about risks for fiat-backed stablecoins, it's fairly simple. You already have needles. Those needles, could they be impaired? Potentially, yes, if the US government decides to default. Unlikely, because they can always print more. They would most likely print better than default, potentially. Outside of that, even if the smart contract gets hacked, for example, or if there's some sort of impairment on the asset side, the tables still exist. You can always go back, sell them, and give people their money back. So I think if you have stablecoins in general, if you trust the management, and if you trust that their processes are sound, it is a kind of safe model. Once you start adding risk, so for example, I put up stablecoins, and you can say, I'm going to buy four or five different stablecoins to create another stablecoin on the other side. You are taking the risk of the worst of those stablecoins, because if one collapses, let's say you have five, 20% each, one collapses, now you have 80 cents per dollar, people are going to leave. So very quickly, you're going to have 20 cents or 40 cents in assets, so you lost 50%. In my opinion, if you are a sophisticated actor, you should look at these risks and monitor them and make sure you live quickly. If you're not a sophisticated actor, try not to put money you're not willing to lose into these types of strategies, because the level of risks are multiple, and only one of those is going to create a loss. And if you're slow, you're going to eat all of the loss yourself. I love that, because you know how people usually compare all this, stablecoin that, which is better. But I think you broke it down really well. Just look at the risk, and yeah, I love that. Thank you. My perspective as a finance standard of these evolving dynamics is, I'm reminded of the quote from Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet, where the fire says, these violent delights have violent ends. So, you know, what makes a stable contract sometimes is the yield for, you know, like for terror. And that's also part of the downfall, sometimes because these yields, I don't see how they're sustainable sometimes. And I think I've seen this bit of that happening again this bull run. However, how do you make a stable coin popular? I think that one way is to have great yield, that's for sure. The other way is great marketing. And on the other end of the spectrum is trust and operations. So I think that doing the right thing to get the distribution of your stablecoin. I hate to say this, but Sean is on a good job with USEP on Sean. If you're a company, the salaries for your employees for next month, you're probably not going to put them on something experimental. If you are, if you have a hundred dollars and you just want to try something and potentially farm an airdrop or something like that, you might go further on the risker. As always, you have to think about like what's the type of investment that you're doing, whether it's about cash preservation or capital preservation, or whether it's I'm going to take risk of this because I think I can get a big reward. The word stablecoin usually tries to confuse the latter, the high yield, and try to mimic the risk of the former. So it's like, why would you hold X, very high yield, very stablecoin, and then hold USDC or USDC if you have the same risk? And I think that the key thing for people buying these assets is, these are not the same. And I think about separating, there's a risk, but there's a risk reward difference. There's another big topic in stablecoin, which is regulation. We all saw how the US government ordered PIXOS to stop issuing BUSD last year in 2023. Why only BUSD? Do you see that's happening to other stablecoins? I think the BUSD one, there's a lot of things that we need to still clarify, lots of things that happen behind the curtains that many of us don't know. I think what we do know was that Circle kind of piqued the regulators in that Binance was bridging BUSD into their chain and that the collateral held in Ethereum was not backing one-to-one, the Binance chain assets. The other thing that the NWFS was not comfortable with, they had not allowed issuance of BUSD on that chain. And that was the argument to actually shut that down. But I think it was a warning. When you deal with certain types of regulators, you need to follow their regulations, but then the bridging, I think, was potentially a great area. And so actually following that regulation, it is not easy to work with regulators. It's like getting married, right? So the decisions that you usually took as a single startup, you're not taking as a couple. You have the startup and you have the regulators, and you're not always agree. And so the decisions are not as fast and there's a lot of trade-offs. But on the flip side of that, as buying an asset that is regulated, you get the advantages of knowing that two different people with different interests have looked at this and have said that whatever they're doing is okay. That stablecoins will continue to be regulated when, I'm going to use my grandma again, but when my grandma holds a stablecoin, she thinks she has a claim to a daughter that very much looks like a bank deposit. Right? So she thinks she has something very similar to a Bank of America deposit or her local bank deposit. She doesn't think she owns a portfolio of a long short trade collateralized with a multi-asset. She doesn't think she owns a hedge fund position. But I think they're going to continue to be regulated as closer to banks or state companies. And as we march forward with that regulation, I think many other things will have to be stopped called stablecoins. Or I don't know if they're going to use the stablecoin term or they're going to change it. But I think there's going to be a bifurcation into potentially FIA backed stablecoins being regulated and then all the other assets potentially having to change things. We look at the historical data, Bitcoin pre and post halving, the price usually dropped right. And we wait for a few months, the price goes up again. Chris, why does this happen? I don't know, actually. I mean, I've seen it happening for so many times. And I think the idea is the original idea, at least back in 2012, I think was the miners want to hedge a little bit, right, because their rewards are getting halved. If you are making X amount of money per day, and you know that tomorrow everything you make will be a quarter of that or half of that. So your idea would be to hedge it, right? Because you have electricity costs, you have to pay for your Bitcoin form, right? So you would sell your Bitcoin reward and then monitor a bit. And if the price goes back up, great. But if the price doesn't go back up, you still have the money that you sold pre happening. So you have enough treasury to make change your Bitcoin form and just sustain until the price go up. Right. So that's the original idea of why Bitcoin price always drop before happening. I think the other part that I'm very bullish on is the simple math of what's happening with the BTC. For every Bitcoin miners produce, there's 10 Bitcoin getting purchased by institutional buyers of ETFs, right? So the mining inflation, if you will, is getting eaten up by this kind of new demand. Now that mining inflation is going to go from about one Bitcoin to half a Bitcoin for this purchase amount of 10. Many of these institutions are getting started. So to me, the part that I'm trying to figure out is where there's a price at which all of this money getting in will clear with the new supply of BTC, which is actually miners that people need to sell. I think we still haven't found that either. I think there's more inflows coming from more institutions starting on the BTC ETF that have not turned it on. And the current institutions continuing to build in that portfolio allocation of Bitcoin. The last thing I'm excited about is that I'm not sure it's going to happen, that the BTC gets approved. And if it does this year, I think you're going to see the dynamic of the BTC ETF, but in Power Drive, most of the people who run nodes keep their ETH. So it's going to be a scramble to find buyers of ETH. And I think that can create a lot of interest and a lot of appreciation on the side. If you mind Bitcoin versus securing an ETH node, right? So proof of work versus proof of stake. In proof of work, you have to do a lot of actual work. So you have to buy very expensive machines and you have to pay for a lot of electricity. So if you look at this miners, it's a very competitive game. You actually don't make a lot of profit. And because they need to eat, right? So if they pay this electricity bills and pay this hardware, they need to sell most of it. When you're running a ETH node, you cannot run it on your Raspberry Pi. It's a pretty appropriate, like a retail laptop, you can run an ETH node. It doesn't consume a lot. And therefore, the most of what you earn, you can keep. You don't have to be spending a lot. So that means if you're running a node, but most likely you're a very bold ETH person to start with, because you're not forced to sell because you don't have to pay for any expenses. I don't think any of those are going to be selling. Alvin, what do you think is going to happen this well run? The traditional idea of a four year cycle is interesting dynamic between Bitcoin and ETH, right? So Bitcoin is known as, at least to us, as the digital goal, it's like the store value. Whereas ETH is fundamentally not seen as a store value or accepted as a store value. So the value of ETH comes from its utility as if you like digital oil, like the power of the blockchain. So as the transactions move to layer two, I do wonder what the price will be of ETH as a gas in layer one. So that might affect long-term projections of the value because the model is one of valuing it via the utility of the ETH rather than a digital goal. So on the one hand, I'm bullish with the ETH and ETH hopefully upcoming, but on the other hand, it's fundamentally a different product from Bitcoin in my mind. To the point of bull run, it's all macro, right? If crypto is an amplifier of the macro environment, so my personal opinion, not financial advice, is that the macro environment is bullish right now. It will be until the end of the year, more or less, but truth is, it will be nuts. So I'm bullish on crypto this year. I love that, Saurabh. If you're on ETF though, isn't it hard to explain to, let's say, your grandma what ETH is? It's easier to explain what digital gold is. Bitcoin doesn't have, which is native yield, right? So it is easier to sell the product where you say, you don't need to believe that ETH price is going to go up as long as you have some native yield on your ETH. And I think for traffic people, specifically for institutions, it's very easy to understand that type of product because you don't need to have someone else come and buy from you at a higher price. You're just accruing more value on a daily basis despite pricing flat. Alvin, what are some trends that you're paying attention to this bull run? One super interesting is the rise of RWAs and USDM, for example, as like the EO-Berry stablecoin. So it's on one side of the spectrum and the other side obviously is mean points. Mean points is like, if stablecoins, in fact, I fear, make a lot of sense. Mean coins are on the other end of the spectrum. They make absolutely no sense, except like as an expression of animal spirits, right? People just want to gamble on something. Isn't that crazy that we have two ends of the spectrum in the same crypto space? Dex is like DG, which is an audiobook dex that you can easily trade spot and do a lot of yield. Yield-fart strategies like grid strategy. Other dexes are interesting like the UIDS and Uniswap. So yeah, I think the dex is going to get increasingly important. Chris, what are some trends and narratives that you're paying attention to? Oh man, you know, I'm like a shotgun. I pay attention to everything. I mean, ever since last year, I've been investing into LRT protocol, right? So some of my earliest bet and the Eigenlayer ecosystem, such as Puffer, I believe that there are multiple ways to earn yields. If we think about these light notes, right? If we think about these value data, they can do so much more than maintaining their network. If you think about these value data as, let's say, a tennis coach, and then they're 75% of their time have to be at the court to wait for a student to come. But they only have a few students every year due to the company policy. Those tennis coach have to be at the tennis court 75% of the time. If he does not show up, he gets penalized and could lose his collateral that he put into the company. But the thing about it is that 25% of the time, this tennis coach can teach something else. Maybe ping pong, maybe badminton, maybe basketball. And he can earn that extra salary by teaching something else. And that's the beauty about running these validators and how so many other protocol needs it. Data availability, decentralized sequencer, oracle, bridges, all need validator. Ethereum has one of the most robust design. And I think another big part I'm looking at, another huge sector that I'm betting on, the physical light note. So last year, we saw Solana and Sagapho going crazy, how they give airdrops specifically to Saga Holder. And how did they do that? It's because each Saga has a unique coat representative. And then you use that to generate your wallet. So you get these airdrops. So if you think about it, right now, 30% of it is at LIDL. LIDL is 10%. We're talking about how much money Tether were making. LIDL made around $1.2 billion a year from Ethereum's staking. So that's why Ethereum is kind of centralized in a sense. It's even more centralized in a sense that most of these validators are run on GCP or AWS. So I think another sector that I'm very bullish on is how do you economic of scale these light note that you can go to an Apple store and buy it? Like spend $500, buy the note, put it in the same car and start running everything. Wow, what an amazing conversation guys. Thank you so much. Thank you for watching. You can find the link below in the description. We at OKXBN have been helping you to get the highest 20% off transaction fee on the online and Discord. You can find the link below in the description. You can also tell me what you want to see next. We'll keep working hard in the B circle. See you next time. Bye!