 We want like the juicy stuff. What do you think about this thing, right? And his answer was yes. A very small group of people actually understand the meaning of money. So I think you're the perfect person to ask this question. Finance exists because the people that actually have the money are not necessarily the same people that have good ideas on how to spend it, on how to use it. You increase your allocation to bonds on leverage, so you're amplifying the bonds return. And what that does is, yes, part of your portfolio is levered up. But actually your risk is lower. The average company in the S&P 500 is his levered itself to X. This is the part where we say it's not invested by a bullish Bitcoin, but I'm not bullish Bitcoin the next year. So crypto is clearly a risky after. So we are not really there yet. The inflation is still quite high. People talk about ETFs, but really it's not open to retail yet. It's not. If you are like a retail investor and you are in America and you want to ape in, but I'm not in crypto to make 10%. What is your personal investment strategy for this bull month? When you're rooting your wealth, right, you should invest 80% or 90% of that into a beta portfolio. 10% or 20%, just do alpha. I don't like to pick things that I don't understand. The world's top fund and trader when evaluating investment is not just looking at the possible profit, but first consider the risk, using all kinds of means to avoid the risk. You may have heard of it, but what do they actually do? Today's guest is super hard-working, because he used to work at the world's most profitable avoidance fund, Ray Dalio's bridge. Now he brings the most detailed operation of traditional finance to the fore. But I want to remind you first, the knowledge content of this video is extremely high. It's very, very challenging your financial experience. You may not understand it, but you should watch it a few times. You will definitely learn a lot of crazy top-notch operations. Hello. Hi, everyone. You used to work in traditional finance, right? What exactly that you did? I worked for a hedge fund called Bridgewater Associates. I know people might have heard of Ray Dalio. I worked in his company in research, which is kind of like the department where he worked. So I worked there as a financial engineer, like an analyst for about like five years. I was in the credit team during the European financial banking crisis. So we were like doing like models and indicators and so on for like Eurozone aggregate stuff. Like why were things happening the way they were happening? What would happen in the future if a bunch of things rolled out in the way that we thought they would? Then after that, I launched a robot advisor in a fintech company, which arguably didn't go too well, but it was a cool concept. It was around essentially democratizing an investment, a passive long-term investment strategy called risk parity for everyday investors. And then Silicon Valley as a product manager, also in fintech for several years before, essentially I entered, ventured into the world of crypto. Wow, that is a crazy resume you got right there. Okay, let's go back to the traditional finance because recently there was this TikTok video that went viral. It's like, you know, there's this girl says, I'm looking for a man in finance. I don't know if you've seen that. I'm looking for a man in finance with Trust Fund. Six, five, blue eyes. Well, my question is, is there like a hierarchy in this world? For example, like bankers, investment bankers, like who looked down on who? We want like the juicy stuff. Besides the income part of it, which is probably like why. Yeah, I mean, so things might've changed, but when I was working there, I would tell you, I would definitely, definitely the number one in the hierarchy in the dating situation, you know, would be an investment banker, right? If you were working for an investment bank, you were surprise, surprise making the most money during that time. Like imagine the investment banker, like the super alpha male, like double squared alpha male kind of guy. Alpha of Wall Street. Yeah, yeah, but buff, right? And then you ask yourself, the thing I always ask myself is like, where do these guys find time to work out? They're like working like a hundred hours a week, right? That's the guy, that's the figure, right? Below that, I would say like, I mean, maybe at the same level, but a little bit below like hedge fund guys, specifically managers and so on. Where do you see crypto bros fit in in this hierarchy? It's a good question. I don't know, it's maybe, it's a little bit of a controversial answer as well. It depends on kind of like what the girl is attracted to, right? Is it like, super alpha strong, you know, like dominant men, right? And then W, go traditional finance investment banking, is a more of a beta kind of guy that has a ton of money and is super nerdy. Then maybe you go for crypto, I would say, hyper generalizing things. What was your crypto journey like? How did you become the CEO of Mars Protocol Foundation? But when I was working at Bridgewater, actually most of the thoughts in 13, basically I learned about Bitcoin. And I actually went to the dev like a team, which is called the FX team, that just works on currency. And I went to them and I said, and I went to a specific guy, I'm not gonna say his name, pretty high up there. And I said, what do you think about this thing, right? And his answer was, I don't know if I could curse here, but his literal answer was it's BS. I should not say the full word. And the reason why it's BS, he gave me the reasons, right? Which to be honest were pretty valid reasons, but were kind of short-sighted. But to be honest, I kind of agreed with them on most of what he was saying. They were thinking about it as like, an alternative to a currency. And Bitcoin has pretty much almost no property of a currency. It has more properties of a store of value, which is a little different right now, because I was very dogmatic about this thing. But I kept monitoring it. Bitcoin's got all these problems. Over time, what I learned is like, with technology and with human will, you actually do solve problems. And if you throw money at it, you put like really good people at it, you actually solve problems. And eventually like Ethereum came and became programmable, right? Not Ethereum. And then the next thing that came was decentralized stablecoins, right? With the Terra arguably massive epic failure of UST, right? Luna. But that was kind of like the moment for me. Okay, okay, I've been proven wrong on these things. They actually occurred. This is really exciting. This is really what I wanna be doing. And that's kinda like when I made that kinda lead, right? And I joined Delphi Labs. Let's take a step back because I feel like a lot of people in crypto, they're trying to redefine finance. And a very small group of people actually understand the meaning of money. So I think you're the perfect person to ask this question. What is the meaning of money? I think there's just two levels to this question. There's a practical meaning of money. Money is really an amino exchange that is actually simple to use, meaning it's like, there's all these properties, right? And just give you a bunch. Like it's not difficult to transfer. It can't be split into smaller fractions. One important principle is that it doesn't change value too much over time. Cost of the inflation, it does a little bit of predictable inflation. And the value of that is really that, what's the value? Is that people can actually do different jobs and they generate value in a specific way. They can kinda like, the value is represented, it can be all represented in this kind of like minimum exchange. And therefore, if I do something and I'm not selling you the service of what I do, I can be paid in a minimum exchange that I can actually use for something else, right? For example, like if I'm a plumber and you don't need plumbing, but I need to buy fruit from you, I get paid in this minimum exchange and then I pay you the fruit, right? It's kinda like the value, like the practical value of minimum money. But there's really a second level to this question. It's like, what does it really mean to have money? I think it's more of a psychological question. And assuming that the money that you actually accumulate translates in wealth, meaning it doesn't depreciate too much in value, and that there are very limited externally imposed ways to not allow you to spend it. I'm not gonna talk about countries that have that. So capital restrictions, you know, overtaxing and all that stuff, right? Then money can actually equal freedom. Freedom because ultimately you have control over your life and it gives you options really to decide how do you spend your money to do what you want. So with that explanation, the next question will be, what is finance? Why does it exist? I'll give you like the one sentence and then I can expand on it a little bit. Finance exists because the people that actually have the money are not necessarily the same people that have good ideas on how to spend it, on how to use it, in a way that's virtuous for society. That's really the concept behind finance. And it's pure original form. If I have money, and it doesn't depreciating a little bit over time, but that's not necessarily an incentive, I kind of want to give it to someone else that can actually make my money increase. And that person that doesn't have money, but has a really good idea, maybe he wants to invent the next, you know, quantum computing thing, right? He doesn't have the money, right? So he needs to get it, right? So you essentially give it to that person. So what you're doing is you're taking some risk, you're giving it to that person who is essentially going to use the money to invent something that society potentially needs, and therefore increase that money and give you back your part plus some amount and keep the other amount himself becoming richer, you increasing your wealth, essentially being paid for the risk that you took. And overall, in creating this virtuous growth in the economy, and where essentially everybody can benefit and the overall average wealth increases, right? Because this guy has invented something that's useful and has made our life better. And that incentive is the interest rate. If you cannot charge an interest rate, you're not going to be incentivized to take risk. So the question then question is like, how much is that? And the risk here that your investment is, the now how you need to be compensated for that risk. Yeah, that's a very perfect example. And you talk about leverage in one of your videos. When people hear the word leverage, people always think, oh, we're talking about like trading on crypto exchanges, 50X, 100X, and you get liquid data, it's dangerous, it's risky, right? I can't say they're wrong, but a lot of times, there are a lot of common practices that people see and they don't even realize those are leverages. What is your definition of leveraging? The way I define leverage, and it's not just me, right? But it's just a tool to amplify risk, which results essentially in a potential higher return or a higher loss. So you amplify your risk by taking more risk, but why do you do that? Because potentially you can make more, in the same way you can lose more. To get the other part of the question, so like, yes, you can think of leverage taking like a crazy crypto 50X, 100X, that is basically gambling, right? You're gambling, right? You're an extreme gamble, but that's not the only way. First of all, most professional traders actually don't do 50X, that's more like retail and not gonna gamble. I wanna throw my money on, yeah, it's like you go to a casino and you throw your chip on red, right? It's the same, right? You have a 1% move, you get wiped out. Most professional traders actually trade 2X, maybe most 5X. Really, you gotta think of going back to the example of Trev. Like this tool actually, if you use it well, it can actually result in better, what's called in finance, risk-adjusted returns. What that means is, for the same amount of risk, I have higher returns because I'm using leverage in a good way, and I'll explain that in a second. Or for the same return, maybe, I don't know, 10%, I am having less risk because I'm using leverage in a good way. And a really quick example is stocks and bonds, going back to traditional finance. I think most people know what those are. So why do you buy stocks? Because they're higher risk and they're higher returns. So you make 9% return on average on the S&P 500, but if you buy bonds, they're lower risk. The idea is people that are old buy bonds, and if you're young, you buy stocks. And bonds are lower risk means, I don't know, you make 3%, 4% on the same amount of capital. So now, if I'm an investor, I wanna hold both, but I'm not gonna hold bonds if my goal is 9% return. I'm not gonna do that. But what does that mean? It means that on a year that bonds do really bad, I get wrecked, and I would have loved to hold bonds. So this goes to diversification, right? So how could I diversify in a way where essentially I have exposure to both, but I still get in the 9% return? You can use leverage. You can risk adjust the bonds. You buy $100 of stocks, and then you buy, so then you buy your leverage, $100 of bonds. And what that does is that you're, in fact, you actually buy more than $100 because it has some higher volatility. But basically the point is you increase your allocation to bonds on leverage, so you're amplifying the bonds return. And what that does is, yes, part of your portfolio is levered up, but actually your risk is lower because essentially they're both targeting the same return, but they're diversified. So on a year that bonds do well, stocks might do terrible, and vice versa. And your long-term return is 9%. I'm getting too much nutritional finance. But that's one thing. A little bit of leverage allows you to achieve this, right? A little bit of leverage. A little bit of something tends to be good. A lot of it tends to just like wreck you in every possible way, right? To finish up, leverage is present in the everyday world. So, give me a couple of really practical examples. The first that comes to mind is mortgages. I buy a home, I borrow from the bank, I put down 20%. I don't know much in Taiwan, but in America, for example, it's 20%. That means that the bank gives me the other 80%. I am levered five to one. I have a 5X leverage position, which is collateralized by my home, but that is leverage, right? It's 5X, by the way. So, it's not very little. Now, another practical example, if I buy a stock, an American stock in S&P 500, Apple or Google or whatever, right? Like, I have leverage. Even though there is no trading leverage, perhaps no fancy instrument that I'm using, I am levered. And the reason why I'm levered is because the average company in the S&P 500 is his levered itself, 2X. So, essentially- Oh, I didn't know that. Yes, yes. They have leverage themselves, right? Can you touch on why is it levered 2X? Oh, it's very simple. It's your balance sheet, right? So, like, in your mind, your amount of essentially, your total assets are 2X of your net worth. So, like, they borrowed some amount, right, from the banks and so on. Right, right, right. Wow, yeah, so everything is levered, really. Yeah, and what do you think the financial crisis happened in 2008, because these banks were taking an insane amount of leverage, right? So, they got reps. So, now, talking about leverage, we wanna talk about futures, right? A lot of people in crypto, they trade futures. And why does it exist? Perpetuals is what you're referring to in crypto. They are essentially the equivalent of the future. The difference is the future is dated. Perpetuals is not, which is kinda like a great innovation of crypto. Futures exist, really, it came into existence, because it's really important to think about derivatives in terms of, like, two players, right? Two people that are taking different leg of that position, right? So, on one side, you have a speculator, which is a person, essentially, which is not necessarily a bad term, right? People think, oh, a speculator, you're bad. You're not bad, you're just taking bets. You have, like, a view, and you wanna make money, and you wanna take leverage on your view, right? It's fine. Actually, if the economic system where you're trading is well-designed, essentially, you're actually really important functioning piece of it, because you're providing liquidity. So, you have a speculator on one side, and on the second side, essentially, you have a hedger, an investor, like, essentially, a risk-taker and a risk-reducer, right? That's the way you need to think about these instruments. Now, back in the days, this started with farmers. I kinda, like, knew what the price of corn was right now, but my harvest would happen in six months, a year, whatever, right? I would have to plan, right? Do some financial planning and say, okay, you know, I'm assuming that, you know, I'm selling, I don't know, like, $100 a bush or whatever it's called, and I would need to plan with that in mind, right? Now, the price of corn at the time of the harvest of selling might change. It might go up or it might go down, right? So, if it goes down, I could potentially get wrecked, and I would fail. My business would fail, and it would be over. They invented this instrument called the future, where essentially you could, as a corn farmer, you could hedge the other side by going short, the future, which means you would lock in a price, which also meant that if it went up, you would not make the amount that went up, but it didn't matter for you because you planned on margins, right? You say, okay, I can make this margin, and you want a stability, right? So, you were taking off risk at the table, right? On the other side, who was taking the other side of the position? Someone who believed the price would actually go up, right? So, speculators. So, that's kinda like why they invented futures originally, and I think it's the Chicago Board of Trade that started that in America. You said, crypto market, the capital, is inefficient. What do you mean by that? Going back to this concept, this idea of hedging, and in crypto, you have petrels, and in crypto, essentially, you have people that are like trades for petrels, and then you're going longer the petrel, you're going short, the perp. What I meant to say is that there is a lot of speculation, and there's not enough hedging or reducing risk. That's kinda like what I meant, right? And you see this a lot more, I would say there's a big difference also between centralized exchanges and DeFi. In centralized exchanges, you have really, the big innovation that FTX brought to the market before they blew up was this concept of a sub-account. So, they didn't really invent anything new. They just took what exists in traditional finance, which is brokerage accounts that are capital efficient, and they replicated it in crypto. It just means that, for the first time, you could actually have this account where you would deposit any token, Bitcoin, Ethereum, whatever, that would all act as collateral, and then you would be able to open perp positions with that collateral, not just with stable form. That'd give you this massive capital efficiency where essentially the purpose would be what's called cross-margin, so the P&L of one perp could use this collateral for a second. The bottom line is that if you were on the other side, on the hedging side, you were doing this thing that Athena does, the basis trade, that's really famous right now, you were like an investor that was hedging risk, and you were getting really good risk adjuster return. You doing that, it was translating a lower funding rate. So, if you were a speculator, you were getting essentially also really, really good funding rates that allow you to speculate at a lower cost, which is what you want as a speculator. What are some common ways to hedge in Treadfy or crypto? In crypto, one way we discussed is the basis trade, another thing is self-inutrient strategies, which I would argue, they don't really exist in centralized exchanges. This is an opportunity, I think, just for DeFi. Explain. So, in DeFi, essentially you can actually hold what are called LSTs, LSDs, depending on who's calling it, liquid staking derivatives, liquid staking tokens. This is essentially as if you're holding, if you have Ethereum, and you don't wanna forego the staking yield, you can actually deposit this in Lido, for example, and you can hold SGE. And then what it does, it accrues the yield. That specifically rebases, but that's the point. You have this liquid stake version of Ethereum, and you can hold it, and it moves like Ethereum, but it also accrues on top, essentially, the yield, which is great, because you can use it in DeFi protocols as colloquial. So, when you have this in DeFi, now what you can do, you can actually do really cool things if you have the capital efficiency that we discussed, where essentially you can deposit into an account your SGE, and then you could go short the perp for the same amount. What that will do is, it will remove completely the Ethereum exposure, and now you're getting risk-free, close to risk-free, like delta neutral, you get Athena plus the staking yield, basically, right? That's one example. Then you have other examples, you can do levered lending. So, if I'm on Aave, and I'm lending essentially, let's say, Atom, right? You're getting 15% APR, which is pretty attractive, but you don't really care about the Atom volatility. You don't want it, you just want 15%, and maybe you even want to leverage. So, it's the same concept. You deposit it into Mars, you hold it, you're getting 15%, you go short the perp, and all of a sudden, you're getting 15% plus the funding rate, right? These are great hedging, what I call investor opportunities, right? As an investor, you're coming in, and you're just getting really good at risk-adjusted return in crypto. In Trevi, there's other things you can do. It's absolutely similar. What you do is, if you buy a government bond, on a merchant market, for example, like, for example, I don't know, Turkey, and it's in US dollars, you don't really want to get exposure to what's called the nominal rates underneath. You just want the credit risk as closure, right? You just want that five additional 5% that you'll get over the government bonds. So, what you do is, you buy that, you leverage, you essentially borrow the US government bond, you short it, and then you do this, what's called duration-adjusted, that's the term, and then you isolate just that, what's called risk-pregnancy, you just isolate that. You could do the same with equities. You can essentially, just giving you an example, you're bullish in Nvidia, pretty priced in already, but you're bullish even more, and you want to essentially go short the sector. You want to isolate that stock, right? But you want to protect yourself from a market downturn, a broader market downturn, right? So, what do you do? You go long, buy essentially Nvidia, and then you essentially go short the sector. And then you have to adjust this by a little bit. What we'll do is that, since Nvidia essentially is supposed to do better for you than the sector, then you'll just isolate that component, which then you can also leverage out by using government bonds. But the point is, you can hedge out things, and then make specific bets, or reduce risk on one side. Mind blown. Do you know what this feels like? It feels like I'm watching Harry Potter. It's like you're doing all these cool stuff, and I'm like, wow, that makes a lot of sense. That's just like what hedge funds do, and then professional traders do, yeah. Do you hedge differently in crypto, in bull markets, and bear markets? This is the part where we say it's not investment advice. That said, it's still not investment. Do your own research. So, the concepts are the same. When you abstract away from the mechanics, the concepts are the same. You're isolating your risk premium, or you're essentially reducing a specific amount of risk. But what I would say is this. When there is a bull market, what generally happens is, let's talk from an investor perspective. You don't really care about essentially holding a specific asset, because you don't want to get the best risk adjusted return. So, from an investor perspective, which is where hedging comes in for the most part, if you think about it, doing a bull market, people are more bullish. So, what that translates into is higher funding rates. So, people are just gonna wanna take more crazier bets on Bitcoin, Ethereum, and all these like. What that translates to do is it's higher funding rates, which means that if you do the carry trade, which arguably you can do through like on SDS, and you can do it through Athena and Ethereum, you'll be able to do it in a much cleaner and simpler way. But the point is, really higher risk adjusted returns, ultimately you'll get a higher yield for roughly the same amount of risk. So, that's what you can do during a bull market if you're an investor. Now, if you are doing a bear market, what happens during the bear market? People are more risk adverse, so you'll start seeing a lot of flight to safety, the crypto equivalent to that. So, that translates into people just converting their tokens in stables, depositing the stables in the money market, and then the money market, you'll see this, the money market like APR for those stables, like Lend APR just goes down like a lot, right? Even below like the US risk free rate, which is a little crazy. So then, what do you do in that case, right? Actually in that case, leverage through margin, what's called margin, which means you're essentially borrowing USDC, and you're essentially buying stuff on leverage, becomes actually cheaper. So, you can actually do this same basis trade, but you can actually do it on leverage. You already are doing on leverage because shorting the purpose leverage, you can amplify that even more by essentially, given that your return is gonna drop, because the funding rate is gonna drop, maybe drops from 30% to, I don't know, 5%, 10%. You can amplify this because what you do is you borrow USDC, and maybe you're paying on 3%, and you increase your position on, I don't know, is it Adam or whatever it is, you need to adjust it, right? Like, when it's the bull, you don't need to use additional leverage, and when it's not a bull, you can essentially use USDC as leverage, additional leverage to amplify the return. That's one thing you could do. What Mars is doing is building essentially a vault protocol sitting on top of Mars, where essentially anybody can come in and build these vaults, third-party vaults. Some are gonna be like users with reputation building. So some of them are gonna have the basis trade. You can just go in and ape in that vault, see it, and just do it that way. So kind of like an automated vault that essentially you can go in, you can deposit your assets and your tokens and stables, and essentially getting the same thing as a professional trader would do with a basis trade. What Mars does, remember this we discussed about the sub-accounts, right, in trading in centralized exchanges, is taking this concept and replicating it in decentralized finance under a new primitive, a money label essentially, which is called the credit account. And this credit account essentially replicates what you have in the sub-accounts. It gives you the same capital efficiency, which means you can hold any token as collateral as long as it's on chain, right, as collateral. You can take any per position, they're cross-margin, they're cross-collateralized, but it goes beyond that. It's even better than a centralized exchange because unlike a centralized exchange, you can hold specific DeFi primitives that only exist in DeFi as collateral. So, for example, Uniswap, LPs, in our case, we don't have Uniswap, we have Astroport, which I actually think is better because I believe passive-concentrated liquidity is better. So holding that as collateral in your account. So essentially if I want to, once you open some LP pool, providing liquidity in a good way, like with passive-concentrated liquidity, but I wanna use that as collateral to take on a per position, I don't wanna exit because I wanna bet on Bitcoin, you can deposit on Mars and you can open a Bitcoin long position. LP of vaults can act as collateral. Any primitive can act as collateral on Mars. But it's actually more than that because the account is a primitive, but it's a money label, right? So you can actually build stuff using the account to wrap around it on top of Mars. And so that's the innovation. So it's really thought from the ground up with this concept of capital efficiency and extensibility. You talked about hedging earlier, right? How do I hedge on Mars protocol? It's the simplest thing in the world. It's like one click and you do it. Really? So, yeah, it's simple. You have a credit account. You wanna do the basis trade to like really two clicks and it's done, right? You just, you go in, you go on Mars, you deposit, I don't know, WSD, which is available on-chain on Neutron. You just deposit it. Actually, you don't even need to do that. You deposit USDC on Mars. You're coming from Ethereum, you deposit USDC. The root of the CCP should be pretty seamless. Then it will mint for you an account in the background you don't even know. And then now you see that you have USDC. Then one action, deposit. Second action, you go in, you essentially swap that USDC for WSD. Third action, you short the perp for the same exact amount and you're done. You're collecting the basis trade now. You're hedging out. You guys have been around for a long time, many, many years, and you are a part of Terra ecosystem, right? And of course we all know the ecosystem collapsed, but you survived and you worked through. And tell us the story. I was sort of saying that I wasn't part of the original Mars team. I joined, which, you know, we're the number one contributors for Mars, for Mars protocol. But I was there. I literally joined and after two weeks, three weeks ago, the collapse occurred. It was rough because keep in mind, like everybody had a lot of capital, their personal capital and wealth. They saw it completely wiped. These were contributors that like, they had locked tokens, right? They didn't really, they didn't see it at all. And they lost massive figures. I imagine myself, I was an investor in Terra and I had quite a bit. So you had that stress going. On top of that, like the people were getting liquidated. People like, you know, there was just like a total mayhem. They just needed to support the thing. So they were making sure that the protocol was working fine and people were getting liquidated orderly and all that. People would want to get out, winning it out. On top of that, there was a lock drop, which means that people had their money locked in. So like, they just really quickly tried to, through governance, of course, cause you know, that's the right way to kind of like unlock the liquidity so people would just get it. They were just like working over hours doing insane things with the stress on top of like what was happening, which was clearly not their fault. And then on top of that, when all that happened, we were like, we just took a step back and we were like, we tried to look at it objectively. So what's our next step? I mean, clearly the first thing that comes to mind is where is the liquidity? Ethereum layer two, Ethereum layer one. So like a lot of projects on Terra did that. Under labs, like, you know, Delphi has a great research arm and it's what to me is one of the top research companies in crypto. So we talked to the researchers, we looked into what we call the hive mind and we did research, okay, what is the best place to go? And we ended up going full circle, like Cosmos was the best place for us to go for a brighter reason. And then we looked at our vision and we said, okay, where's the vision of Mars? What do we want Mars to be in the long term? And we said, okay, Mars is the best place to trade in crypto for leverage, rival centralized exchanges experience and even better, make it even better. That's the goal, let's go build this basically. Just to build on what you just said. So choosing the chain or ecosystem to build your project on is like choosing which country you wanna build your company, right? For example, if a chain has a very large total value lock, then that means this country is probably very rich and it's good for business. And with the story you just told us, why did you choose Cosmos? Why didn't you pick, for example, ETH? Clearly the most attractive thing that you can think of when you're building is where is the TBL? Where is the users, where is the TBL? Yeah. And again, a lot of people did that and that's a way to go. But when you do that, you have to be conscious of the fact that it's not gonna scale in a good way. So if ultimately, what is your goal? You could consciously say, well, I'm gonna go on a chain where on layer two, right, there's a lot of TBL, they can attract more users, more TBL and then what's the mid to long-term game, right? Cause you know that you're gonna go there, you're gonna have to leave at one point. And the reason is because for a DeFi protocol, it's not scalable in the same way. It's not just scalability and it's configurability. You don't have that in the same way that you would have it with an app chain. So you're not really sovereign. That's the word I use in crypto, you're not sovereign. And that is actually extremely important for a DeFi protocol because it's not just about sharing block space, which is the problem to an extent, could be a problem, it's not necessarily a problem. But it's also like you need these customizations that are just good for you or for other DeFi protocols, which the chain is not gonna give you or they're not gonna respond to you, right? So the reason why DYDX left, for example, Ethereum world and they went and built their own Cosmos chains is exactly that, sovereign ability, the ability to be sovereign to adjust their chain in a way that essentially allows them to build the product that they wanna build, the vision that they have. They're like really chain agnostic. We want this product, we want it to be the best product possible. How do we get there? We need to be sovereign. That was the reason because then they can customize it in a way with the off chain order book, with all these things that are useful for them. So in DeFi, you really need control of your stack to build a product that in the mid to long term allows you to be successful and achieve the scale if you have a vision of a product. It really boils down to your vision on what do you think a great product should be. To me, the vision that I have, it's not too different than the other guys have. It's like you ultimately you're building a product and your user goes to your product because you have an awesome, ideally the user that goes to Mars protocol for example, doesn't even know that it's on neutron chain. Just comes in like through a CCP, like uses like our integrate wallet for example, or use MetaMask. And it's just like, okay, great. That kind of experience where essentially you're going to the product, you're coming from Ethereum, you're coming from a centralized exchange and you don't even know you're there. You're the expert. I wanna ask you, how do you maximize or optimize the profit on Mars? You need to give an example, on bullish Bitcoin. I get non-investment advice on bullish Bitcoin, but I'm not bullish Bitcoin the next year. Very right reasons we can talk more about that. I can either ape in a certain amount of money directly and buy BTC, right? You can do that on Mars by the way. You just buy BTC, WBTC. So which by the way is issued natively in Cosmos, the same way that it is issued natively on Ethereum. So you're getting the same experience, the same risk, but you buy it, right? And you hold it. But that's, like is that really attractive? Because I do wanna take some leverage. I think Bitcoin has this lower potential than these altcoins, right? So what do I do? I can buy a burp, go two, three X leverage, which could be reasonable, right? But the question is, do you wanna do that? Because that means you're taking on negative funding rate for the next year, which means like, it's probably gonna eat in your returns by 30 or 50%, right, or even more. It's probably not the right way of doing that. So the right way, if you have essentially this like mid to long-term view is to use margin, which means you can essentially, you borrow stables, and with that, so you deposit Bitcoin, you borrow USDC, and you increase, and you swap it for Bitcoin, and you get like two, three X leverage. People do this manually through money markets like Aave and so on. But Mars, you can do this with one click, margin trading one click, basically. So that's what I do, for example, because I'm bullish Bitcoin the next year. You can now see Bitcoin with $3,000. But no, no, that's one way. Another way, if you're short-term, you wanna place bets, you just like open prepositions. Another thing you can do is these vaults, you can deposit into these vaults. And another thing that you can do is with the drop launch, which is a really big catalyst that's happening on Neutron, which is the train where Mars is built on. Drop essentially is a liquid-staking derivative protocol, but this one is particularly interesting because it is backed by LIDO. So LIDO is the number one TV hell for like, you know, DeFi protocol on encryptor. For the drop launch, there's gonna be a points campaign, they call them droplets, and you'll be able to go on Mars and farm these points with leverage. And some of these opportunities are gonna be dealt on neutral opportunities. So you can just go in and just get isolated exposure to the points. And there's gonna be probably vaults that are gonna be built that you just ape in and you just farm the points, basically. You don't even need to understand how to do it manually. Okay, anything else that you wanna tell us about what you're currently working on? Or which stage this project's at? We essentially have this V2 launch, we call it V2 launch, where essentially, we're gonna have these credit accounts on Neutron. We'll have this third party vault protocol built on top. It's gonna be, I think, one of the best experiences in DeFi. Then we'll launch a public test net for perps as well. While this is happening, we'll also do that. And it's gonna be an incentivized test net where you can come in and if you find bugs, there's gonna be a bugs bounty, you'll get rewarded in Mars. We're also gonna have a competition. PopTrader that makes the most money, the highest P&L, will get rewarded in Mars. Trader that gets the worst P&L, you get wrecked, go in and get wrecked as much as you can. You'll get rewarded the same amount as a top trader, ideally. We haven't figured out the math yet, but it's gonna be how I want it to be. Guy that gets liquidated, so really the one to one, number one guy that gets wrecked in practice, will get paid, will get Mars, and so on. It's gonna be an interesting and fun competition. We're gonna go with people just heavily using perps on Mars and then finding, uncovering bugs, vulnerabilities, and then things like that. And then we'll launch perps, basically. That will really unlock the capital efficiency thing that we discussed, basically. Of course, we wanna talk about your Mars token. Mars token trades right now on two Cosmos chains, for the most part. One is Osmosis, then the second chain that we're on is Neutron, essentially, which is really where we're building our deep product. There, you have these two chains where you can trade Mars. I wouldn't be too surprised that if it starts getting traded also on centralized exchanges, the tokenomics of Mars, how we're changing or revamping it, because they used to have an old tokenomics that came from the Terra day. So Mars, really, the way it worked was, after the Terra thing happened, we really wanted to make good our community. A lot of projects that just relaunched the token completely from scratch, we didn't do that. We essentially airdropped to previous Mars holders the token. We wanted to make people good. So on top of that, when we launched, we had a Mars chain, because we had this view that we wanted to get different chains and essentially have an orchestration layer through a chain. And then that didn't turn out to be the right decision because we realized quickly that to achieve the best product possible, we really needed to focus on one chain where we believed we could achieve it in the fastest way and go deep, really deep in features. So this thing didn't work. So we decided to retire the hub, our chain, and instead transition the token through to Neutron, which essentially is gonna be the chain where token exists. We had a massive community pool. We decided to burn a significant amount because we didn't need it anymore to incentivize the validators. So essentially, the amount of supply, total supply, is actually a lot lower than it used to be. Because of that, that just recently happened. So what we're doing is we're gonna essentially, the per-code revenue that will come through per-code trading fees, borrow fees, and liquidation. Part of it will go essentially to a buy and burn. We essentially will buy Mars from the pool on Neutron, we'll burn it. And part of it will go to buy an LP. This is kind of like what Maker does. Over time, we'll keep deepening liquidity on chains. So that's the token model. In terms of utility itself, the token, there's really two things. One was already voted in the ceiling proposal, which is gonna be fee and RVBase, free discount. If you're an active trader, you can actually stick Mars and your fees get reduced significantly, depending on how much you stake. Or if you're a vault builder, and you want your vault APR to go up, you can actually stake Mars in your vault. And your APR is gonna go up because your fees are gonna get lower. That's the main utility of the token. There's gonna be a second utility that we're talking about, suggesting governance to vote on, probably later in 2025, which is yield opportunities. Some yield opportunities are gonna be limited. We're gonna have things like 7X leverage on leveraged stake. It's gonna fill up really fast, because if you're getting 100% APR, you know, like 90% APR, people are gonna wanna eat them. So, how do we create value for this car city? We'll do that for staking. Okay, any alpha you can tell us. So, I would say, first of all, one piece of alpha, the way our perps work, it's Oracle-based perps. They trade at the Oracle price. There's an order book, which means people can just come in and trade, and they won't get wrapped, like on these other order books chains that don't have any activity. Kind of like, it happens with Synthetix, or, you know, GMX and all that. But in our model, essentially, we have a counterparty vault model. It's not fully funded, it's counterparty. So, essentially, for us, so you deposit USDC, and you're essentially allowing this perp model to work. You deposit into this counterparty vault, and you get an APR. We're gonna incentivize that for Mars. So, when we launch it late August, you'll be able to ape in and get, you know, like pretty, I think, pretty good amount of Mars through that. It's one piece of, I would call it alpha. And then, I would say, more, which is more interesting, it's coming that's towards the end of the year, and 2025. We're gonna try to create really, really cool visualizations and calculations on P&L. So, we really wanna be like a professional trader platform, where essentially, you go in, and you see like your breakdown, how much money you made on this position, like how much money you made in your account. So, like, we're really gonna try to bring stuff that I haven't seen even in centralized exchanges that I know from, that I've seen all in Treadfy. You try to take those good practices and replicate them in crypto, so that you actually have a really good breakdown, and you can actually make better informed decisions. Since you work in Treadfy, in this crypto bull run, we see institutions coming in, like, for example, Bitcoin ETF, and then now it's Ethereum ETF. Do you think this bull run will look different from our previous ones? So, crypto is clearly a risky asset, it's way more risky than stocks. So, then you have this massive liquidity that just runs up to crypto, and then you get these crazy storing prices, and it creates momentum, and people come in, and we tell, oh, look, look, you know, like, Bowdoin is up to 300%. So, then they just start aping in. So, we are not really there yet. Inflation is still quite high, and from a fundamental perspective, we can go, why? Ultimately, energy prices are high. But the point is, it's not a favorable environment for high-risk stuff. Things are happening, and then, you know, the central bank softened up on the tightening. So, it really depends on how that's gonna go, I think, from an economic perspective. And also, there's a regulatory risk. In the US, most likely chance that that will occur is a couple of things that could happen, right? One thing could be the regulatory perspective gets better for crypto, and that is a great growth catalyst. Imagine, like, being able to open up DeFi to America. Because right now, for example, if you're using Mars protocol, you're in your United States, it's blocked. We try to avoid Americans from using Mars, because it's just not a favorable environment for DeFi right there. But if it becomes favorable, it's the number one market in the world. And the second one I would say is energy prices, from my personal opinion. If they drop significantly, then you see also inflation, in my opinion, to drop significantly. From what you just said, what I heard is you think this is not the bull market yet. Am I correct? I don't think so. I think it is a bull market. It's a thing of the past. I think that the bull can be much more of a bull, like, if we get favorable conditions, which is rates dropping, in my opinion, and DeFi regulation. These could be great catalysts, in my opinion. I think it's really interesting how Bitcoin has 4X since the local low. And then people still think, this is not really a bull market, because we want to see everything go up. Like, that craziness is what we define a bull market. Crypto, it makes sense, because the volatility is really, the risk is extremely high. So you're expecting much higher returns. I would also add, people talk about ETFs, but really it's not open to retail yet. It's not. If you're like a retail investor, and you are in America, and you want to ape in, for example, the BlackRock ETF, I bit, I think it's called, you can't. Many platforms don't allow you to do that. They say it's too risky, blah, blah, and some people are transferring their assets away, but most people are going to be okay, fine, whatever. When that happens, that opens up quite a bit of opportunity, right? But that hasn't happened yet. There is an ETF, but it's mostly institutions, and it's actually careful institutions, right? So there's still like a long way there to go, I think. When people start aping in, like you said, usually it means the local top is here, right? And then that's probably when you should leave the market. How do you define people aping in? A top signal could have been like this guy who called me and is like, oh, you know, I'm buying Dodge coin because it's backed by Elon Musk. That was kind of like pretty strong signal, I think. The truth is, the signal there was the collapse of Terra. That was the signal. And then the continuous collapse of the things, the other things that were lined up behind it. What are some categories you think will do very well in this bull line and why? So the narrative of this bull cycle has been, in my opinion, has been two things. One is the meme coin. They've been doing like crazy volatility. It's literally like a Ponzi scheme, right? Like you come in earlier, you make money, it has no intrinsic value, right? Now people are kind of like gonna hate me for this, but it's true. People are tired of being seen as the liquidity for, and so this is kind of like their reaction. Then the other thing that's been doing really well is still like layer one. You look at these launches like Celestia and there's gonna be others that are launched. I would say that it's just saying, it's just an example of layer ones are coming out. The other one that's being quite a phenomenal is Binutina, like this biggest trade thing, which to me is really not decentralized. It's a great product, so undoubtedly, right? And they've done really well and I think they're gonna do even better. So kind of like the narrative, a lot of them have gone towards this real yield type of thing, which to me doesn't make sense. The reason why it doesn't make sense is because I'm not in crypto to make 10% on a volatile token. I am not. I'm in crypto to make 10, 20, 30, like X, whatever it is. Not me, but the average person. And so if you're giving me stable yield, I don't care. Much better of a product where essentially it's gonna go back into a buyback or something that will pump the token. I think some of these guys are gonna understand this, I hope, and they'll adjust their tokenomics. As they grow and maybe they change their tokenomics, they can potentially become attractive. But I think there's another narrative that's just more attractive, it's interesting, is the merging of crypto and AI. This kind of narrative, which people say it's a little bit self-fulfilling, which is basically that AI agents are gonna be the number one crypto users and all that. I think it's true though, it's true, because it's simpler for an AI agent to actually use crypto as a means of exchange of value and store of value. That's a big narrative. The question is, how far can that go? What are the use cases and all that? But that's something that I think, the next big narrative, I think. A lot of AI tokens, though, they're more like meme coins, at this stage. How do you identify which one is actually valuable investment to make? You need to see who's building towards those use cases, what the team is, how much they've raised, who's backing them, and what their roadmap is, if they can share it. For example, Mars can't share it for legal reasons, but some people do. So I think that you need to do your research and see who has the best backing and who essentially is actually executing towards the thing that you think are the proper use cases that will generate value. What is your personal investment strategy for this bull run? How are you planning on making the most out of it? A big believer in the separation of the beta from the alpha of investing is the traditional finance advice. It's not investment advice. Essentially, when you look at your wealth, they'll say, okay, you need to have a certain amount in your safety fund, your rainy day fund. Generally, it's like six to 12 months of your month expenses. You put that aside and you put that in cash. Then the remaining, you need to invest. You should invest 80 to 90% of that into a beta portfolio. I'll explain to you in a second what that means. 10 to 20%, just do alpha. Now, the beta means essentially passive long-term investment strategies that will generate value over time. Let's call the 60-40 outside allocation model. These are like the Vanguard target fund. And then essentially 10 to 20% of your portfolio, it's alpha. And alpha is just bets. It's just like things that you think are gonna achieve value and you're okay potentially losing all of it. So it's just your personal use. I look at crypto as my alpha portfolio. So what do I do there? There's different things that you can do. For me, personally, I like to hold blue chips levered, like Bitcoin and Ethereum levered with margin because it doesn't wreck me, not with burps. I tend to not have short-term views. I tend to have mid to long-term views, which a crypto is like six months from here. And then on the other side, I look at yield opportunities and defi, so things like, I don't know, pendle. There's a lot of opportunities also with just stables. Right now, during the bull, some stables are going up 15, 20%. That's kind of the way they'll look at it. I think you might have answered the next question though, but I wanna ask you again. So how do you pick and choose your crypto or your token? Is it different from, let's say, a person that's crypto native? Some of the things are the same. So there's some similarities. I generally don't like to, besides the blue chips, which are conditions, right? The ones, the specific token bets in this 20% alpha that we discussed, I don't like to pick things that I don't understand. When I'm buying individual tokens, I try to understand essentially if there's something that I would try to use it, if I like it. I try to look at the roadmap, the team and all that. And if essentially to me it's undervalued, I buy it. That's what I do. But again, I don't have a big portion of a portfolio in that. So on the yield opportunities side, I think it's trying to understand what the risk is, what platform it is on, what's the track record, how many hacks, what is the risk adjusted potential return, what cut are they taking? So I think it is probably different because I'm really like, I try to think always from a risk perspective. But there's something different in crypto that Treadfy doesn't have, which is people using NFT or like the team is anonymous. Do you try to avoid that type of project? The question is like, are they really anonymous? They're anonymous to you that they're not really putting their names and things behind it. But like, why don't you take a look at who's invested in them? If it's institutional level VCs, they're definitely not anonymous. So they're anonymous to you and to the public, but they're not because the VC essentially knows who they are. So if something happens to that team, they run away with the money, whatever it is. First of all, they have the VCs that to deal with. I would be careful if it's not VC funded or if it's just like this project out there and you don't know who they are and all that. Thank you very much. That was very insightful. Great conversation. Thank you. I appreciate it. Really, really. Thank you so much for, you know, having resisted this long if you have. Definitely follow Mars Protocol. I'm excited to have you guys on Mars.