 It's like the difference between investing in a barrel of oil or oil and investing in an oil company. If the oil company has a billion dollars of oil, then it's definitely worth a billion dollars. But if the oil company has a refinery that produces kerosene and gasoline and toluene and 27 different, you know, petrochemical products, and if there are customers that want to buy those petrochemical products, then the oil company is worth the sum of its oil reserves and its oil refinery. So MicroStrategy, it's a Bitcoin treasury company. It's a Bitcoin company. It owns 17 billion dollars worth of Bitcoin. So that's worth something. But the other thing that MicroStrategy does, which is not very well understood, is MicroStrategy securitizes the Bitcoin. So MicroStrategy creates a security or a family of securities that appeal to capital markets investors that don't want to own crude capital. They don't want to own raw Bitcoin. For example, if I wanted to own the raw Bitcoin, a mainstream traditional financial investor, I would probably buy iBit or FBTC, basically the spot ETFs. And that's basically just like, you know, a barrel of Bitcoin and a wrapper, right? But if you wanted high performance, right, you don't put raw crude oil in your jet engine. You put kerosene. Because if you put crude oil in the jet engine, the plane doesn't fly, the engine blows up. You don't put crude oil in a car. You put gasoline because otherwise the engine clogs, right? So cars and jets don't operate on crude oil. And if you look at the capital markets, a lot of investors, they don't want 1x performance. They want 1.5x leverage. So MicroStrategy actually levers up its Bitcoin more like 1.5x. And so if Bitcoin performs 50% ARR, we generate 75% to 80% ARR. And a Bitcoin is 50% volatility, we're 70% or 80% or 90% volatility. So high volatility, high performance Bitcoin is an interesting thing if you're a Bitcoin maximalist. What do you want? Do you want 100% Bitcoin or 150% Bitcoin? If you believe Bitcoin's going up and not down, you want 150% Bitcoin. Well, what if you think it's going down? Well, those people don't buy our stock. It's like, well, what if you think wood is better than kerosene for your jet? Well, I mean, the people that fly the jets want kerosene. They don't want wood. I mean, they want to fly fast. So what you have in the capital markets is one group of people that want high performance Bitcoin. Then there's another group of people. They don't want 1.5x Bitcoin. They want 3x Bitcoin. So there are actually some derivatives called MSTU and MSTX. They are actually two times microstrategy. And so they're 2x microstrategy that makes them 3x Bitcoin. Those two ETFs, they gathered 1.1 billion in capital in a couple of weeks. So billion dollars of money is in that. Well, if you like Bitcoin, don't you like 3x Bitcoin? Yes. Right. It's like, I don't want to go in first gear. I want to go in third gear. There are some people that want to go very fast. Then there's the 10x, the traders. What if you wanted 10x leverage and you don't want it for 10 years, you want 10x leverage for the next 12 weeks when you go buy a call option on microstrategy. So microstrategy's options market is more than $40 billion of open interest. So you see, on one side, you've got just straight, call it normal voltage Bitcoin. And then you've got higher voltage microstrategy and even higher voltage derivatives. And then 10x super high voltage, super high volatility above that spot. And then the way that microstrategy creates that leverage is we sell fixed income type instruments. We sell securities that offer lower voltage. What if you want half the return of Bitcoin, but 5% of the risk? How do I buy Bitcoin at the all time high, but not take any downside risk? How? Okay. You buy a convertible bond from microstrategy. Like four weeks ago, we sold a convertible bond for a billion dollars. I think the stock was 140 and the bond was struck at 185 or something. And so what that meant was you're going to get your principal protected. And if the stock is below 185, when the bond expires, you get all your money back. And if the stock goes above 185, you get all the upside in the stock. Okay. So that bond is trading 145, 150. So the bond is up 45% in four weeks, Bonnie, 45% in a month. Right. So think about the ARR. So what did you have? You had all of the upside, where you had, you had upside, but then you had downside. Now, how do you create that? Well, you have to put that bond senior in a capital structure of Bitcoin, right? The only way to create a, a Bitcoin convertible bond is say I have a $20 billion of capital, or in this case, 16 billion of Bitcoin. Well, then the bottom 4 billion can be over collateralized four to one in Bitcoin and over collateralized 10 to one in market cap. So you're actually buying a bond, which is four to 10 times over collateralized. That's how you as an investor get the security, you'll get your principal back. But now you want the upside. So for example, if, if my company had 12 billion in cash and treasury bills, and 4 billion in Bitcoin and convertible bonds, you wouldn't be getting the upside because the 12 billion in treasury bills isn't going to double when Bitcoin doubled. You can't create the security that gives you half the upside, but 5% of the downside, unless the collateral that you use is Bitcoin. So you need to be 100% Bitcoin. And so MicroStrategy's treasury operation is we hold 100% Bitcoin, which means our equity trades 150% vol of Bitcoin and 150% performance of Bitcoin. And that means that when we actually sell you the convertible bond, we give you over collateralized protection on the downside and partial participation on the upside. There was a point a few weeks ago where you could get like 90% of the upside of MicroStrategy, 10% of the downside by buying the bond. And I would scratch my head. I'm like, well, why wouldn't everybody buy that bond? Because why would you want 100% of the upside and 100% of the downside when you could just lever the bond at 1.1 and have 100% of the upside and 11% of the downside, right? And so, so these are all unique securities, MicroStrategy in essence, we can issue fixed income securities that tap into the market that wants yield. You either give you a bit better yield with better credit, or we give you better conversion rights and upside. And when we do that, we create leverage on the equity and that creates leverage for these derivatives and that creates leverage for the options market. And that creates trading. Right now MicroStrategy is has super high liquidity. The other day we traded $5 billion in equity in the day. So we're trading sometimes more than Apple or more than Amazon, but super volatility. And these other big companies, Bonnie, like they can have more money than us. But the trick is not to have $50 billion in treasury bills because treasuries have a vol of five and bitcoins have all of 50. You have to have the capital in high volatility Bitcoin form in order to drive the trading and drive the liquidity and drive the option value. And the option value and the liquidity and the volatility is why we can borrow a billion dollars for 62 basis points. It's because the people that are loaning us the money want the volatility. But if we took the billion dollars, Bonnie, and if we bought treasury bills with it, if you sold an instrument that's backed by an 80 vol equity and you bought a five vol bond, then you would put the fire out. It's like spraying water on your bonfire or it's like another way to say it is some people are afraid of volatility, but volatility is, you know, is like a fire in the engine. And it's like saying your engine is running hot. Can you make the engine in the car not be hot? And I'm like, well, you know, if I could turn it off, but the car's not going to go anywhere. If you want to go fast, you need the engine to be hot. Right. So, so what we've done is we put this Bitcoin engine, volatility motor in the middle of our company. And that's what drives the value creation of the company. And that's the part that's not very well understood. Do you get nervous when Bitcoin price drops? No, because when it drops, it drops a lot. Well, yeah, you know, actually the, the fact that it's, it's first of all, I know there's a difference between volatility and risk. Volatility is when things oscillate or when they, when they move around a lot. Risk is when you expect it to go to zero. Right. So Bitcoin is volatile and it's volatile because it's useful. On Saturday night, if you needed to, if you wanted to sell a billion dollars of something with 10 times leverage, you could post a hundred million of collateral, sell a billion of Bitcoin, and we would give you the billion. And then if you, on Sunday morning, if you wanted to reverse the trade and buy back the billion, you could do that as well. And you could do that with a hundred million dollars of collateral, even 50 million of collateral. So Bitcoin, the network is offering you extreme liquidity and extreme leverage at all times. If you think about the other assets like gold, if you wanted to sell a billion dollars of gold on Saturday night, you couldn't. If you wanted to sell a billion dollars of real estate and, you know, your hometown on Saturday night, you couldn't. If you wanted to borrow a billion dollars with a hundred million of collateral, you couldn't. And so there isn't any leverage and there, there's no, we'll call it credit. There's no credit and there's no liquidity in all these other markets. I mean, so the reason they're not volatile is they're not useful, right? When they're panicked, when you think there's a missile crisis or a war or a disaster you want to sell, that's the only thing you can sell. And then when you're exuberant and you want to buy, it's the only thing you can buy. So that volatility is like the heat in the middle of a turbine in a jet engine. It's like, don't put your hand in the jet engine. That would be stupid. Am I afraid of the fact that the jet engine screams when it spins up and the fact that it blows, you know, hot air out the back. It's like, I'm not afraid of it. I just recognize if I want to fly from New York to Tokyo, I'm going to need a jet engine on the airplane because otherwise I'm not going to make it to my destination. And that volatility in Bitcoin, that is a manifestation of the energy, the, the financial energy in the system. And that's what drives superior performance. Well, that's a great analogy. Okay. So please correct me if I'm wrong. Convertible bondholders, they can choose to convert their bonds into shares of MicroStrategy later on. What happens when MicroStrategy has to start paying back the principal when the bonds reach maturity? Well, for example, right now, the first bond we issued was struck at what would be about $39 a share, you know, in today's term. And we blew past that and we eventually just converted to equity when it was 350% of that. So, so the people that bought that bond made billions and billions of dollars of capital gains and it became equity. All but like one of the bonds we've currently issued are already past their strike point. If they were to come due tomorrow, they would all just equitize. So for the most part, we expected all the bonds will just convert to equity. We don't expect to ever pay them back. One bond was struck at 140. Another bond was struck at 149. A third bond is struck at 180. That is crazy. You know, a fourth bond is struck at 200. I think there's one at 240. So when the stock goes above 240, they're all pretty much equity instruments with varying degrees of downside protection. Right. And the truth is, the problem is not paying them back because they'll just equitize. And the reason they'll equitize, Bonnie, is because Bitcoin's been going up 50% a year. If, you know, my long-term forecast is Bitcoin goes up 29% a year on average over 21 years, but it's going up faster than that right now. I'm bearish. I'm like, well, maybe Bitcoin will only go up 20% a year. If you have an asset going up 21% a year, you're doubling every three years. So the duration of that debt is like five years. Normally we issue six-year bonds or something. So as long as the duration is like in the six-year timeframe, normally whatever you bought, you're going to double and double again. And it'll be volatile, but, you know, all the bonds are struck 40% premium. So normally in 24 months, they're all equitizing. And we've got tapered set of strikes and a tapered duration, laddered duration. So we can always refinance or roll forward or equitize something. So the problem is not paying off the bonds. The bonds are just selling equity forward at a premium. The problem is the delevering. The problem is when they all equitize, we don't have enough leverage. And we don't want to be not unlevered because if we're unlevered, then we start to approach the volatility of Bitcoin and the performance of Bitcoin. And our investors are Bitcoin maximalists. So what would you rather have? A real estate company that borrows $4 billion for 1% interest and has $1 billion in equity and has $5 billion in investments or a real estate company that has $5 billion in equity and no leverage? See, just about everybody would rather have the former rather than the latter because you're using someone else's free money in order to make an investment. If you think that real estate is going up more than 1% a year, then you want the former. If you think real estate is going down, you want the latter. But of course, nobody invests in a company that doesn't believe in the underlying strategy of the company. So ultimately, what we'll do is we'll just continue to equitize those bonds as they come due and replace them with longer duration, more leveraged instruments of different types. And your ultimate goal is to increase Bitcoin per share. Is that correct? Yes. The number one goal of the company is to acquire more Bitcoin in an accretive fashion. An accretive meaning in a way that increases Bitcoin per share for our shareholders. You can acquire Bitcoin in a dilutive fashion, but that would be stupid, right? So the way that we keep ourselves focused is we calculate the metric BTC yield. And BTC yield is the rate of increase in Bitcoin per share. So in a given year, if I say, if I say, well, we added 50,000 Bitcoin and we generated a 18% BTC yield, that says we got a lot of Bitcoin, but we also increased the Bitcoin per share by 18%. So you as a shareholder were not diluted. You were actually accreted. You were benefited through the operation. If I were to say, hey, we added a bunch of Bitcoin, but the BTC yield was minus 10%. Well, that was, we did stupid things to get the Bitcoin. And even though it looks like we're bigger, you're actually poorer. We diluted the shares. Every company has an objective to grow. And they have a metric assets under management or revenue or EBITDAW. Okay. But it's really the earnings per share, right? It's the metric per share that matters. If you're diluting, then you're doing the wrong thing. So the beauty for us is BTC yield is a very simple metric. It's just, it's our Bitcoin divided by our fully diluted share count, the rate of change of that. And we report that when we do major deals, like, you know, we do a billion dollar deal and we'll report what was the yield on that. And we report at the end of each quarter. And we also provide forward guidance or targets for our shareholders, you know, in the future, so they know that we're going to continue to generate positive yield for them.