 TSMC popped on our earnings, but that's because their earnings were very good. TSMC earnings reports saw 25% jump in profit on the AI boom. Things like the market. Right, in a bubble you just say, we love it, it doesn't matter if it's got anything to do with it, let's pile in. That's not to say that there won't be losers. This is a disruptive technology. Companies that have operated in industries for quite a while, if they have not adjusted, they are at risk. We've seen our parents, let's not copy them. I'm a little biased because I love TSMC and I'm a long-term holder. We think these are winner takes most opportunities, but some investors laugh when they hear this, but obviously Elon Musk is putting forward long-term plans for data centers in space powered by solar. The technology builds new industries, new services, new forms of entertainment. The new not working is going to mean something different than what's not working today. I look at all of those macro things and I think to myself, that is a call option for disruptive innovation in 2026. You're seeing the growing pains of Bitcoin become an instrument as part of the overall global financial system. That means... AI crypto macro, it can be very overwhelming. What are three main trends that you are paying attention to? I am joined by Tom from ARK Invest. I'm super excited to talk to him because I read your report every single year. He's the president and COO of ARK Invest. Hello, Tom. Hi, thanks for having me. Can we start with TSMC because I'm from Taiwan? Yeah. TSMC earning reports saw 25% jump in profit on the AI boom in January and it seems like the market is super optimistic. However, we saw people, we're a little nervous about the drawdown. Yeah. How do we interpret it? I think this is a healthy part of an industry that actually investors should feel confident about, that it actually has credibility. When something goes straight up and there's not really a reality check, that's actually a very unhealthy sign. What it means is that this market is discerning, that it is starting to ask hard questions, that it is looking for relative winners and losers, and it's asking questions about valuations and whether they're justified. I think it's not just TSMC, but it's also... We saw news come out relative to people started asking questions about Oracle, whether there was double counting in their revenue. We saw questions in parts of the industry after Anthropic announced some releases as to Wall Street and global financial markets asking who could be disrupted that we haven't thought about. These are healthy questions. This is not the type of question and environment that you have in a bubble. In a bubble, you just say, we love it, it's a good thing, in a bubble, you just say, we love it, it doesn't matter if it's got anything to do with it, let's pile in. You mentioned that TSMC popped out in earnings, but that's because their earnings were very good. That wasn't because they said AI, that's because they demonstrated real tangible results better than what the market expected. Then there's been volatility and pullback as the space has had questions in terms of other parts of that ecosystem. I think, to be honest, what's my main takeaway from that? My main takeaway from that is that the market is actually doing its job, that they've learned lessons from the dot com where they didn't ask any questions, where earnings results were popped on metrics that were completely made up, things like eye pricing eyeballs or user growth, things that are not financial metrics. Stocks would go up because of what they said on earnings just by being in the space. I do feel like investors should have some degree of confidence. Now, that's not to say that there won't be losers. This is a disruptive technology. There are parts of the market that are going to be naturally displaced. There's a creative destruction, Schubertarian cycle going on here where companies that have operated in industries for quite a while, if they have not adjusted, they are at risk. I think Salesforce.com, you look at that stock, and certainly they're trying to get into the AI space, but there are a lot of concerns that AI is already ahead. From an asset management standpoint, it's our job to ensure that we are in the beneficiaries, the enablers and the leaders, not in spaces that are going to be disrupted or vulnerable. Obviously, we have to pay attention to valuations as well, but the leaders are demonstrating strong results. We also think that the adoption rates, the penetration rates still have a long way to go. They're rapid, they're much faster than what the internet was, but we're also back where maybe 1995 was from internet adoption, not 1999. How do you know that? Well, we're looking at the penetration rates, both from the user standpoint as well as enterprise. When you look at some of these numbers, what's nice about it is it's pretty easy to define the benefits that companies can have from their monthly subscriptions to something like chat GBT. And we keep track of the ability of AI to perform a task that takes a human roughly 30 minutes on average. And how well can it do that? When you start to look at the success rate and the lack of error rate and things you can apply that to, and you cost out what that is, you can almost pay for your... A company can almost pay for a seat of OpenAI in about one day's work. You know, I'm a little biased because I love TSMC and I'm a long-term holder, so I'm not too worried about TSMC, but there are companies that are doubling their spending. Certainly. Last year when there are news about this, people are like, oh, great, you guys are investing more. But now people are worried about it. But this is a natural technology cycle in that some of the spending is pulled forward and it's companies who know that they need to invest. They know they need to embrace new technologies. But sometimes that gets from a company's standpoint, sometimes that gets ahead of itself in that the company's not ready itself to incorporate and to adopt and to implement some of the technology. And then you see some noise in the data relative to that span, relative to the integration. I think, again, this is pretty much this is pretty natural in terms of technology adoption. This is something that we've seen this before a number of times. Sometimes the market, when it's so worried about certain valuations, you know, takes that first pullback as that the story was false or that it was overblown or that valuations are wrong. When in reality, it's a natural chasm from the early adopter. If you think about an adoption curve, early adopters race out, number of growth rates look really impressive, but they're off a very low basis. The early adopters either they make their spend and now they need to digest it, implement it, use it, or you have excited exuberance that gets a little ahead of itself. It drops off a little while they strategically start to now implement. If the market misinterprets that as the story is over, it can miss what the real market opportunity is, which is mainstream adoption of the curve, mainstream being dependent on what segment you're talking about. Sometimes that's retail, sometimes that's enterprise, sometimes that's government defense. Just depends which one we're talking about, which company and what specialty. I think when you look at these curves and you just take a step back, these are impressive adoption curves. These are real revenue growth, right? And so you talked about spending a lot of money. Yes, they are spending a lot of money. That's true. But they're also they've had no trouble raising that capital. We're not a liquidity, a tight liquidity situation. And again, unlike the internet, there is real revenue to show for it. If you look at OpenAI, OpenAI generated the same amount of annualized run rate revenue in three years that it took Google eight. This is real explosive revenue growth, which to us signifies real companies meeting real needs with real opportunities. Now they have to execute, right? When you're burning that much cash, you do have to execute, you have to continue to improve to, you have to clearly articulate your market segment. We think these are winner takes most opportunities, but sometimes that's misinterpreted as saying, well, there will be one LM, not the others. What you can have is a bifurcation of market segments. OpenAI can go for the more retail segment and you could have an anthropic go more enterprise. That doesn't mean it's when you say winner takes most, it doesn't mean you have to choose between those, but you need to understand that within enterprise and within retail, there might be a winner takes most within those, though they can both win. And honestly, you see that in the business model, when they articulate their business model, anthropics projecting to turn the profitability much faster than OpenAI. OpenAI, Sam Altman came out and pretty clearly said, we're going to lose more cash before we radically turn it on and make profit aggressively. But that makes sense for a retail focused company. And there is to some degree, remember it was a very common thing to hear to say, Amazon will never make money. They can't make money. They'll never make money. And Facebook doesn't make any revenue. It doesn't make any money. It can never make any money. And you had Google even was not going to make money until it made a lot of money. So I'm not saying these are perfect examples. I'm saying the markets heard this before. The companies I had just said all have to certain varying degrees, a very retail focused aspect to them. It's critical that OpenAI continue to develop its applications, establish itself. If it wants to be that winner takes most in retail, they're certainly well positioned. That doesn't mean that the others can't look at enterprise and look at government and defense and other aspects as well and be leaders as well. And they should invest accordingly. And their business model should fit that segment that might look different. And again, that's healthy for the market. We don't want these all to look the same. If they all look the same, there's probably something wrong because these segments are very different. But look, I think the market's asking hard questions right now. But investors should feel confident by the market asking hard questions. It's when the market doesn't ask hard questions that they should be worried, even when things are going up. We're talking about AI a lot. Is the main constraint energy? I think energy and water. I mean, natural resource water is required for cooling data centers. Obviously, energy is required to power these data centers. Now, if you look, for example, at the energy output increase annualized year over year, I mean, China alone basically grows its energy output at a rate that can account for what we see data center proliferation. So some of these short term energy fears we think are overblown. Also, this is a similar story to a number of things. As the technology gets better, the infrastructure and the ecosystem becomes more efficient, energy efficiency very much being one of them. But there are hard questions relative to energy, sustainability, cooling the water. Tech exchange. This forum will discuss the foundation of Web3, and the integration of the real-time asset into the real-time asset. You know, I know that some investors laugh when they hear this, but obviously, Elon Musk is putting forward long term plans for data centers in space powered by solar. Yeah. And, you know, there are some people that think that that's science fiction. But if you take a step back and start to ask some questions, you know, it becomes a little bit more clear. We're working on an arc, a full model relative to dimensioning the economic feasibility of that. Remember, SpaceX and XAI combined in the last week, you know, at a valuation of 1.25 trillion US dollars. And they say they're still intending to go public. Some people are saying that that raise is still going to have primary capital raise. Numbers as high as 50 billion dollars have been thrown out. Now, Starlink is profitable. The SpaceX business is cash flow generative. Why does the company need 50 billion dollars? I think the logical conclusion is that the data centers in space is very real, that this is not just a story. It's not science fiction. And again, at Arc, we're working to and we publish along the way as we have this, what these models look like. But remember, Starlink has covered the planet in satellites. That would be very hard for another company to copy. That'd be hard for a government to copy. Yeah. Right. They're uniquely positioned. They have brought launch costs of freight down on a cost curve decline about 90 percent. We think that they that that freight costs that they can get another 90 percent decline here as we look out over the timeline that we're talking about. They're also it's not a monopoly, but it's a pretty small set of companies that can launch at those. Launching once every hour. Like I said, there are few to no companies that could match even launching at all, let alone launching for themselves to do it, let alone a launch company that already has a mesh network of satellites covering the planet that can that can send data and broadband effectively in a latency free manner instantaneously. So what sounds to some as fiction and crazy and pie in the sky, if you suddenly start to put the pieces together of what's actually required, who has that? What company has that? What person controls that? And you start to get obviously to Elon and you get to SpaceX as that company. Data centers are not going away. Our need for compute processing, for storage, for quick transmission data is going to continue to grow at an exponential rate. We see that obviously, as we said, these adoption curves are staggering. And so the gating factor to that happens to be the very thing that SpaceX is uniquely, and I would dare say solely positioned to tackle. You don't have the energy problems in space. You don't have water problems in space because you don't have water, but it's cold there. So you don't have heating problem either. You would have data transmission problems. You would have data transmission problems except for Starlink. So I think that it's going to be very exciting as we look forward. I think some of the naysayers and those who are skeptical of AI and skeptical of the ability to build the infrastructure at all, let alone in a sustainable manner, radically discount something that if you start to look at the ingredients necessary, actually are already in place. If you have to take a guess, how far away from that actually happening? That's a dangerous question. He says four to six years. He does. And that's the thing is the reason I say it's a dangerous question is it's dangerous to doubt Elon Musk. A lot of people have doubted him a lot of times over the years, and a lot of people have lost a lot of money doubting him. So he said four to six, and I'm reticent to just immediately say that seems too fast. I will say that at ARC, sometimes you look at some of the predictions and you have to adjust for a timeline because Elon is the type of manager who sets stretch goals and who pushes his team to achieve things that others think are impossible or impossible on that timeline. Is that four to six a realistic goal or is that a stretch goal for his team? Let's say we add a fudge factor in there just to do it and say that it's not four to six, it's really eight to 10. And I've almost doubled his timeline just artificially. But even if that's true, eight to 10, think about the unbelievable transformation that the world would have in almost every single way if that actually is achieved in eight to 10 years, let alone four to six if he actually hits his own timeline. And so I think I'm comfortable saying an extra fudge factor on Elon, but I also say that with the caveat that it's very dangerous to doubt him. And I think he's starting with an awful big head start relative to the satellites and the freight rockets that he has, the AI engine that is all now under the same company. And of course, don't forget Tesla. I mean, Tesla could be part of the solution as well. These could, in some ways, Tesla is the world's largest AI project from the data that they have, but also from effectively the supercomputers on four wheels that they have driving all around the planet that can supplement or could bridge the gap. We don't know that. We don't know, but it's certainly another advantage that he has that others don't. Another interesting things he said recently that if AI and robotics scale the way he expects, saving for retirement may not even matter. I think that has to be put into proper context. Okay. Right. I think Elon is thinking 3D chess. People sometimes hear that concept in checkers. And what I mean by that is really two things. I think there's certainly a scenario where basic needs are accounted for and that surplus abundance productivity allows for a world in which that need to, at least in developed worlds first, it's how this typically works, is alleviated. But there's always the human nature of relative positioning. The other piece of this is he specifically referenced retirement as part of that. Yeah. But our chief futurist at ARC, Brett Winton, likes to point out very quickly, retirement, we're using our mindset of in 2026 what retirement means. But let's take a step back. If you have the technology and you have mobility and those aren't gating factors and AI can incorporate into everything you do and mobility is not a problem either from Evie tolls, from self-autonomous vehicles, you don't have to do this. What working means and your ability to transfer knowledge or to add value to things from afar is a totally different construct than when we think of it as work today. Right. And so you may want to continue to do those things well into ages that we no longer say you do those things now because technology allows it. And that's even thinking about AI and the way that we're thinking about it now. A company like Neuralink, what are the possibilities? What are the possibilities? Obviously, we take all these things to the extreme. The ability to add value, add product to value from all people of all physical conditions, in all locations, of all mental states is very likely in a construct that we can't even imagine today. And so I think you have to think of the word retirement as it might mean, not as we mean it today also when we say that. Yeah, I love that because I've been watching a lot of YouTube videos talking about this. I guess people just really want to stop working. So they want to I mean, they want to they want more. And that's the beauty is so much of this is about unlocking discretionary time. Right. But even even even take, for example, you know, autonomous driving. Yeah. You know, you're paying a pretty high price, truly, when you drive your own car, because that's time you could be doing something else that you could be doing something that you're compensated for, adding productive economic value into the system. You think about how much would GDP grow if that percentage was converted into productive economic activity massively your own time, your own hourly wage that you're spending driving could now be constructed, adding value. But at the same time, for most people, for the vast, vast, vast majority of people, driving is not a calming, soothing, recreational, relaxing activity. You also could be watching Netflix. So you could be vibe coding and creating the next game, the next app, the next invention. And so those things rapidly also transform the technology builds new industries, new services, new forms of entertainment, the new not working is going to mean something different than what not working today. Today, if you clean your house, you know, that's in theory an economic loss, because you could have been doing something if a robot does it for you, how are you going to spend your time? Some people may say, I don't want to work. That's fine. Some people may say, I don't mind working when I don't have to do these other things that I'm really uncompensated labor for. I don't want to drive or drive my kids. I don't want to clean my house. I don't want to do my laundry. If a robot can do that for you, and you have that time back, now you have that leisure time. Now, maybe I don't mind working. I don't mind stimulating the mind. It's just that the other my uncompensated work can be done by robotics and AI such that I now actually want to do productive or creative or value add work. So again, I agree with it, but we have to be very careful to not use the construct as the world we're living in today. In the same way the retirement doesn't mean today what it meant two generations ago either. Right. That was everybody, developed countries had pensions on the government and people retired at 65 in a mandatory way and they were taking care of single income per household on average. Like retirement just meant something different. There was more division of labor within the nuclear family. That's gone away. So today we can't use a construct from the 50s and 60s. We need to make sure that when we're projecting 20, 30, 40, 50 years in the future, we're not using today's construct either. Big ideas 2026. Yes. What an awesome report. Thank you. We're very proud of it. Our research team, all credit really goes to the research team at Arc. We have an outstanding research team, our directors of research, our analysts, our associates, our portfolio managers really, they do so they put so much blood, sweat and tears into this. It is the centerpiece really of everything we do on an annual basis. So we're extremely proud of it. Obviously, anybody watching can download that report free on our website. They just need to search for Arc big ideas 2026. Is the AI boom taking capital away from Bitcoin? Well, I think that at the end of the day, there's a single pile of global capital. And so on the margins, institutions and retail have to make a decision where to allocate that dollar either from an investment or a speculation standpoint. I think right now there's a lot of things that are probably taking some marginal dollars away. I think you look at AI, that is certainly a case, whether you're getting AI exposure through private equity venture or through public. I think you look at prediction markets, you know, the Kalashii poly markets, the more on the margin, is that taking away from crypto? Probably right now, you look at the last couple of months, we've seen significant speculation in commodities in the precious metal space, the charts for silver, gold, platinum, palladium, copper, all look like meme stocks. That capital that speculated on that and likely used leverage also had to come from somewhere that was not speculating on that space to that degree before that was that capital in crypto and Bitcoin before that, quite possibly, almost assuredly some of it. Where did the capital come from to be investing in the levered ETF space? Again, it had to come from somewhere, it was allocated somewhere else, the space didn't exist now, it's obviously, you know, doing large numbers, where did it come from? On the margin, could some of that be from crypto? Probably. And so you look at this, it's to some extent that marginal dollar of global capital is a zero sum game. These things are priced at the margins. And so they do, crypto does not have the luxury of operating in a bubble. It is now operating in the global marginal dollar, whether institutional or retail. And yes, I think these all have an impact. I think it's more complicated than that. I don't think that's the sole driver of the price action we've seen here, of obviously of Bitcoin coming into 67,000, 68,000. It's not because AI got all the money, it's not because prediction markets took all of the capital. It's a lot more complicated than that. But I also think it's a little naive to say that it is not impacting it at all. For people that really want to benefit from the AI wave, if they want to build something, let's say, and they're not as technical, can't build a phone, then you build a phone case. If you can't even build a phone case, try to open a shop and put on phone protector. Sure. What is the equivalent of that in AI? I think vibe coding. OK. Vibe coding is opening up. It's doing two things. It's opening up creation, the coding to a certain segment, an audience that probably never was going to have the skills to build them at any real scale or production quality. They may have had it as a hobby, but not more than that. The ability of vibe coding expands that market of coders creators dramatically. A company like Replet, Replet's actually in our venture fund in ARKVX, and vibe coding is certainly, as a whole, that category is very interesting. The other thing it does, though, is for existing coders, they can build applications in almost entirely new businesses. I was talking to an AI venture studio head who said he can now do a vibe code sprint and create an entirely new business with production grade application platform in about three weeks solid coding. Now, he's an experienced coder with what used to take an entire team six to eight months. Wow. And as that technology and AI gets better in helping him, they're going to be able to compare in helping him, that number will probably come down. Now, that business model, venture studio, AI venture studio model certainly is predicated on experienced coders right now as that labor force them to build those businesses. But you think about that, it used to be a team within an organization of maybe eight to ten working six to eight months, now a single person, a skilled person, but a single person at three weeks. What about the economics of starting a business, particularly in areas that maybe weren't economically viable at all as a business or economically viable for a entrepreneur who doesn't have access to massive amounts of capital? When that starts to permeate down the ecosystem, I think the most exciting part of your question is how much that branches into people who now can from that business standpoint and how much that expands the potential of coders who again, we're maybe not going to be fully institutional grade Python experts, but now can really generate real productivity in the space. That to me is the exciting part of this. AI crypto macro, it can be very overwhelming to a lot of people. What are three main trends that you are paying attention to? Yeah, well, one is a macro trend. I think it's interesting to pay attention to the small cap equity space. Interesting. The reason I say that is certainly small caps have been a very challenging place relative to the broad benchmarks for eight, nine years now, both value and growth. Part of the reason I think that is that we are seeing companies stay private longer and the proliferation of capital into the venture and private equity spaces almost makes an adverse selection problem for buying broad based Russell 2000 type index of small cap companies because the very good companies don't need to go public as small cap. They'll stay private longer. They'll have no problem getting funding. The good ones will get another round of funding and another round of funding and they will probably go public at some point, but they'll go public as a large cap company or maybe a high mid cap company. And obviously in the case of some like SpaceX, it would be a mega mega cap company. And so, you know, what does that look like for small caps or buying the index of small caps? Now that does not mean every small cap company is a bad company. I want to make that very clear. We own some small cap companies, but it does mean a rifle shot approach for why do you own specific small cap companies is going to be necessary. Some of the some of the biotech, for example, went public and will probably continue to go public at a smaller cap just because they need the public markets for funding and it gives them more visibility as targets for M&A if they if their business model is to be acquired by larger pharmaceutical. You know, that that's a different story than just broadly saying the Russell 2000. But I think there's a lot of small cap companies that are small cap public companies. Because they couldn't become middle to large private companies. Could that change in the future? It could. It would have to change only if we have regulatory change that makes being a public company more attractive or if you just really have a drying up of the capital in the private equity market. But there's there's cycles in that. But it's not. But there's no long term trend lines to suggest, particularly in the United States, that that's going to go away. And as you democratize the asset class, it's even less likely. So that's a macro trend I'm watching. I think that that's particularly interesting. You know, the other piece I think right now is you look at the conversation around de-dollarization. Now, de-dollarization, I think, is a little bit of an overblown story. I don't want to diminish the volatility in the short term because that certainly can happen every single time the U.S. executive branch talks or tweets or or posts to Truth Social. But, you know, there have been doomsday predictions for the U.S. dollar almost every 10 years. What does that mean to us? Well, I think so. Here's where I think it's very attractive in terms of innovation companies. OK. Innovation companies relative to even equities in their own country. So let's just say let's take the ARKK portfolio relative to, say, the S&P 500. ARKK companies are not sitting on the large stockpiles of cash that large cap U.S. equities are. You know, those companies have a lot of cash. In theory, that cash is being devalued if the dollar is being devalued. It's typically their U.S. companies. So it's denominated in USD. And they also have large multinational books of business. So the weakening dollar will hurt them in terms of some of their commercial activities. Obviously, if they can sell their products abroad, it might make it more attractive. But we're talking about large cap multinational that has a much more sophisticated business model than just selling goods to international. But, you know, the easiest version is they have a lot of cash. If the dollar is in dollars. If the dollar is worth less, their company is exposed to headwinds. Our companies are aggressively investing in the explosive growth potential that innovation lends and they're not carrying massive cash balances. So on a relative basis. This is the reason why. Well, it's one of the reasons why. It's not the only reason why. But I think that becomes a tailwind on a relative basis, even within U.S. equity, public equities. Obviously, we think the fundamentals, as shown in big ideas, have massive top line revenue growth, technological adoption, significant fundamental growth rates and opportunities that are extremely attractive. But there's also these macro forces. So I would suggest to you that they're better positioned in that world. Of course, we're sitting in Hong Kong right now. For Hong Kong, they're pegged to the U.S. dollar. So that's you're not really you're not nearly as exposed to some of the currency. You know, in other countries, though, if they are going to rotate from U.S. equities, their established book of business is probably in the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq 100. So if you have Japanese, if you have Chinese, if you have European, if you have Australian investors, worry about the dollar and want to rotate out of U.S. equities. And I'm not I don't mean entirely. I mean, on the margin, what is very likely the actual transaction? It's probably sell the S&P 500 and QQQ and Nasdaq because that's the biggest component that they have. That's the large cap dollar heavy companies, cash balance heavy companies. Now, they're still going to have to find growth, especially if you're in a declining interest rate environment, which the U.S. certainly seems to be. You know, Australia raised rates this week by a quarter of a point. They say they might raise them again. We might see a rate hike in Japan, for example. But but by and large, globally still probably have because the U.S. it's weighted so heavily to the U.S. You probably have a falling rate environment. And so you still need growth and and you're not going to go completely out of equities. So now you've rotated out of the mag seven is the is the largest percentage weight in the S&P 500 and the QQQ. Though, if you're rotating out of U.S. equities blindly, those companies are at risk. They're probably fundamentally at risk because of cash balance, but they're also at risk just purely on a rotation from an index standpoint that innovation companies aren't because they're not major components of the broad based indices and they have the highest growth rates and they don't have the headwinds. And then the last thing from a macro standpoint is we still believe the U.S. is looking ahead at rate cuts. Certainly, Warsh has been nominated to lead the Fed. And it's very likely he got that nomination with some assurances that rate cuts were in the future. We saw even at the last meeting where rates were held steady that there were two dissenting votes and those were both dissents because they thought we should have cut by a quarter point. Not they certainly weren't talking about hikes. And so if you once that settles in in terms of new leadership at the Fed, I think you're looking at a year that market is pretty close to pricing in two cuts this year. I think there's a potential surprise in the market if we get three or four. And I'm not saying I'm fully predicting for, but I wouldn't be surprised to see more than two on the concept of this is an election year. If the polls start to look like they're moving away from the Republican Party and President Trump, that'll be even more pressure he'll exert. He just named the person new to the Fed under what is likely an implicit agreement relative to the direction rates should go. I think that that's a call option tailwind for the market. But what companies are most exposed to benefit from that? You know, people talk about duration and interest rate sensitivity, and they typically are talking about the fixed income portion of their book. But equities can be duration sensitive as well. And when you're talking about innovation companies that have explosive long term growth rates and are not necessarily being priced based on EBITDA, then those are your most duration sensitive equities. And so again, I think disruptive innovation disproportionately looks to benefit from being duration sensitive in a cut environment where it's almost assuredly more likely that will surprise to more cuts than surprise to fewer cuts. So that's a call option there. They're not as exposed to the dollar de dollarization. You're still going to need to have the highest growth rates in an environment where you are going to need to look for growth. And you have very attractive fundamentals. Maybe AI people are worried about valuations, but there's a lot of parts of the market that have not seen that valuation expansion blockchain crypto certainly being part of it. Biotech has shown signs of recovery here in the last three to four months, but it's coming off of eight years of having valuation punished. So there's a coiled spring there in that space. You know, you have some of the heavier asset, including, you know, your autonomous vehicles, some of your energy, some of your drones that has not seen the valuation expansion that we've seen in some of AI. So there are a lot of attractive innovation companies, even if you're worried about AI. And again, for the real leaders and beneficiaries, we're not. We're actually happy though markets worried, the more worried they are, the greater the wall of worry, the greater upside of bull market typically has when it breaks out, but also just a healthier market in general. You know, I look at all of those macro things and I think to myself, that is a call option for disruptive innovation in 2026. And liquidity shouldn't be an issue. In December, the Fed pivoted from quantitative tightening to quantitative easing. You know, that liquidity is just starting to hit the market. Trump accounts, a thousand dollars per child, US equity, they're going to go into US equities. That's just that that hasn't hit yet. April is tax refund. Given the tax scoring that was passed last year, there's a good chance for outsized refund for a lot of taxpayers in the US. And I know I'm being very US centric on this, but I think, you know, where we learn looking at innovation, it's still pretty heavy in the US market. Certainly there are pockets of great innovation and great innovative companies globally, but there's a lot of tailwinds that really support allocation to innovation and innovation doing well in 2026. And again, I go back to investors have been very happy when they've sized in their portfolio and they've rebalanced in because the charts look very, very different. They've had they get massive upside capture at times, their core, their core is actually being disrupted. And it's they're not overweight and they've they've shown discipline, you know, in periods where the market has risk off or retreats to the broad base. And I think that that it is that strategy. And again, that strategy, I would also recommend for crypto is tried and true. And I think that 2026 will be another fruitful example of that. When you say crypto, are we talking about all of the things that we're talking about? When you say crypto, are we talking about all crypto or Bitcoin? I don't think just Bitcoin. I certainly am not saying all crypto either, just to be clear. You know, I think that in the same way, it's very dangerous to paint AI with a broad brush and say all AI is AI in the way that it was really dangerous to say dot com and all dot com during that period. And I'm not trying to equate AI to dot com, but I'm just these periods where we broadly paint brushes in the same way. I just spent the last few minutes not painting all US equities the same or all small caps the same. We need a maturation of crypto to not just say all crypto. But we also need a maturation to not just then when we don't say all crypto to then just only say Bitcoin. We need to say that there are, you know, there are five, six leaders that are showing clear differentiation fundamentals. Then there's obviously smaller projects that if people know well, they will have the ability to invest in and they'll make rifle shot decisions. But, you know, certainly when you look at Bitcoin, yes, I would say Bitcoin, Ethereum. In 2026. I think so. I mean, there's a lot that's come out of this market. I don't think, you know, we've clearly had liquidity. We go back to October. We look at the four year cycle. I mean, you're giving me until the end of the year. So I get the benefit of saying this over 10, 11 months. But I think as we get towards the end of the year, you know, you're seeing some of the volatility, some of the chop a healthy. Now, this has gone farther than what people would like. And then and again, there's a lot of reasons for that. But I think you've also had a deleveraging and you're going to have more liquidity and financial instruments globally. Both of those things tend to be seeds for a strong forward looking outlook. And I think where we are right now, you know, it tested a few times it has, you know, we bounced around this 65, 66,000 kind of level here, 67,000. You know, at least as we're doing this interview, it hasn't, you know, it hasn't broken to the downside of that it's hit it, it's bounced come back into the 70s hit, it's come back. No, I think it's trying to establish a base here. If that's what happens, that would be a positive sign. What I'm hearing is your thesis on Bitcoin hasn't changed long term. No, it hasn't changed. I think you're seeing the growing pains of Bitcoin become an instrument of part of the overall global financial system. That means things like derivatives, like futures, perps, like structure notes, ETFs, ETFs that have options, it means the overall vol probably will be lower systemic, you know, vol, obviously, there's a lot more liquidity. But there's also a lot more leverage. And there's a lot more sophisticated instruments that have automatic risk sells rather than making a fundamental decision or to to sell or to huddle. And so we just have to recognize that this is a new phase. It all you know, it works differently. There's more things to consider. But there's natural growing pains. We saw that we've seen this in other asset classes as they've been integrated into the traditional financial system. In fact, there's a lot of examples of it. And so I think it's actually healthy. It's never fun. But you know, we are at that four year period as well. And Bitcoin seen this a number of times and people know that, you know, a steep pullback does not mean the end of, you know, end of the story and that the long term fundamental outlook continues to be very attractive and very strong. I would love to have you comment on Ethereum. People have been disappointed. Sure. But Ethereum has a lot of utility. Does utility equal price in the long term? I think yes. Okay. In the short term, they can be dislocation. Education is a huge plays a huge role. Speculation plays a huge role. Balance sheet access, opportunity cost. Right. Right now, you might like the fundamental story. And there's a lot to like relative to the fundamental adoption and the value being treasured from the Ethereum protocol. But that marginal dollar, that capital cost of that dollar right now could have been put to silver, which also has a lot of utility. It's a different kind of utility. But it's a lot of utility. And that has made people returns in the thousands of percents in a manner of, well, even more than that if you annualize them. So I think there's a reversion to the value. I mean, in some spaces, you would call it intrinsic value if you some people don't like that word in the blockchain crypto. So what we'll say is, we'll use just value. But, you know, the adoption and the utility, those stories are real. Those are not made up stories. And this is adoption utility, also by some of the largest institutions globally, largest businesses, both financial services and otherwise. So there's, as that education filters into the market, as other speculative stories play out, as we also get to a more crypto beta driven world, not just Bitcoin is the North Star and only Bitcoin. I think that Ethereum stands to benefit from that. It certainly has been disappointing to some investors. But, you know, in a way, that's the story of innovation as well, investing in innovation. Sometimes you recognize the value and see the fundamentals before the market as a whole. And when the market realizes it, it tends to be sharp, sudden and sharp. And suddenly that's priced in and you can have violent moves to the upside. Because it's not really destroying volatility or destroying value. What it is, is it's just storing it ready for that spring to uncoil. Remember, AI was that way. We didn't know about AI. And then suddenly, Chatchi BT came out. And suddenly, everybody suddenly had AI. AI was the only thing you talked about. Two days earlier, nobody talked about it. It wasn't in the news. It wasn't in the media. I mean, sure, computer science and like if you're deep in the weeds, and you maybe knew it was coming, but you didn't know the specifics. And then suddenly, magically, one day the market said, Oh my gosh, Chatchi BT and then Chinese models came out as well. And the market said, Oh my gosh, it's, it's good. And it's getting cheaper. This is going to be powerful. And now it's the only thing you know, the market wants to talk about. There were people who were frustrated for years that, you know, open AI and others were these large language models were making massive fundamental gains, both in terms of adoption and their capability, but nobody was valuing them. Nobody was talking about them. Nobody was pricing them into any sort of equity like return. And then suddenly, it was everything. And so I think, in the long term, the value is recognized by the market and accrues to, to investors, there can always be short term dislocations, especially in misunderstood technologies, underappreciated, under covered, or just when there's a lot of other opportunity costs for capital in the market. Let's say an investor has, you know, 100k sitting around. What is, you know, right now, a good idea to allocate that? Yeah, I mean, I'll say it more generally than any specific recommendation. But I think discipline around asset allocation and the modern definition of asset allocation is, is critically important. They need to understand their own time horizons and risk tolerance. You know, my simple recommendation is to is, you know, it's to size is to evaluate yourself and size those appropriately, they all play a role. It's dangerous to look at these things in isolation and not look at them as part of the whole. That's where I think people get into trouble. I think the macro is setting up for 2026. I don't, you know, whether it starts tomorrow, whether it starts in a month or a quarter, you know, I'm not really commenting on that. I think there's a lot of macro aspects that are very positive. It's not that there's not risks, there's always geopolitical risks. And certainly, there is more volatility in the US equities in particular, and treasuries, given the style of the US executive branch as it's currently occupied. It does add risk, it probably though adds more volatility than true long term risk. And that's either something that investors can try to take advantage of or they or or they need to be honest with themselves, whether they can handle. But there is certainly opportunity caused by it. And when you have a combination of macro and fundamental positioning, and you and you size that correctly, I think that, I think that, you know, there are there's some very attractive things right now in the market. We're of course, we're sitting at a conference that right now, you know, it's more attractive today than it was a month ago. So, you know, we're in the right place to have that conversation. That was beautifully said. Thank you. Before I wrap this conversation up, maybe an advice or suggestions to young listeners. What type of skills do they need to obtain to survive in this ever changing world? Yeah, you know, I think a lot of young people look at their own parents. And they're frustrated by their parents inability to operate certain technologies. Whether that's with their phone. I've been an IT service for my mom. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, but isn't that just okay, but let's okay, but let's like, let's unpack that, right? Whether it's something that they don't know how to do with their phone, or they can't order an Uber or any could be anything. Okay. And I know a lot of young people have frustrations with what they would call technological Luddites or or idiots in some cases that speaking of their own parents who they love dearly. And my recommendation would be, let that be a lesson. As included. Let's commit right now to not be those people not be our parents in 2030 4050 years. And are we going to take a mental attitude of, I'm going to be like a young person embrace the next thing. Or are we going to do exactly what our parents did, and complain about how things were better back then, and they don't know how to use things and they're not built for them. You know, I think that's the number one thing you can make that more targeted into specific use cases, you could learn to code vibe code, the barriers have fallen dramatically, you could learn about blockchain, it's very likely that that's going to seep into every part of your life. I mean, you can pick specific areas, and go deeper. And I think the job market for young people in looking into the future is going to be a lot more about being very deep in something knowing something really, really well, more than it is about knowing a lot of things a little, because AI can do that for us, right? We know AI can do a lot of things a little, you're going to have to go deeper, and add more value than what AI is going to be able to do. And that's absolutely possible. But you're going to have to it's a mind shift. And alongside that, what I would say is you need to be very good at the things AI can never replace. Love, empathy, love, art. I mean, I know that they say AI can do art, but can it really do art in the way? I can't perfectly articulate to you what's different, but it's not the same. That's that artistic, that AI can make a painting. It's good. I can write music. It's good. AI can write a novel. It's good. Are they ever really great? Right? And that's the human aspect. Also personal interaction. So it's not just love, but it's also the ability to interact with people. I think there's a danger young people have gotten so digital that they forgot that we still live in the physical world. And I would say it's going to be critical. AI is digital, and it's really smart and cheap and available and productive. You better be really good in the physical world, because it's really good in the digital world. We've seen AI in the digital world, and we've seen AI in the digital world. We've seen our parents. Let's not copy them. Let's always be open-minded to the next thing ourselves. Don't let ourselves fall into the same trap we don't like of others. Become an expert in something deep, particularly something with the new tools that are available. And also really excel then in the things that make humans human that AI will never be. And if you do those things, I think the sky's the limit for young people. AI could never do this. I hope not. It's keeping us in these positions. There are certain things that are going to be very hard to replace the actual human interaction, even if technology is theoretically available, theoretically possible. And it's going to take smart people on the technology side, smart people on the financial investment side to figure out where those lines are, because that's how effectively these returns and investment and how productive ultimately the economy and society is. I would definitely urge people to download Big Idea 2026. Everything we touched on today is in that report. And definitely share this episode with your friends and family, because what a great conversation. Absolutely. I really enjoyed it. Thank you. Thank you very much.