 It's called a zero-day attack. The main target that they had historically in blockchain was a serum. Two days ago, they started to infect the system. They put a program in Google Chrome. I am not proposing people to use Chrome. Actually, don't put any web extension. Bybit came from cookies. Cookies on Google Chrome, on your web browser, you have extension, web extension usually. You can use many type of extension, like translator or whatever. This is the main failure of your computer. But if this extension is vulnerable, if it's a bad application, this application will have access to all your computer. The camera, what you type on your keyboard, if you have access to your bank account, if you have access to your exchange. Do they all have all the information already? It's too late. The hack itself happened in two minutes. As much thing you have to protect as more vulnerability you have. Can hardware wallets company actually access people's funds? The only thing you should check if you want to use a centralized exchange. Hi, Jackie. Hi, Bunny. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you too. You are the cyber security expert. And I want to know how does a person get into this space because it sounds so cool. Okay, so great. Yes, actually it's very cool. It's very interesting. It's always interested me in my life. You start with, I suppose, with a normal engineer, computer school, like I did. And you get into it with, if you study cryptography, if you study some like deep mathematics stuff into your study life. But after that, on my career, I became an architect. So I am architect engineer, IT engineer. So I provide a solution and architecture and advice to update, upgrade and secure global architecture for very big company over the world. This is my job. And in my career, I have been working on this for a long time. And in my career, I got more and more deeply into security of the data. And finally, I got involved into cyber defense. So I am now proposing my services of advising on which technology to adopt and to adapt into an existing environment to secure very high and sensible data. So this is what I do in my job in cyber security, in the cyber defense government in France. Oh, you work for the government too? It's always, when we are talking about defense, it's always related to the government. I am not working for the government, but it's of course, defense area is related to government somehow. I am not working for the government. It's understandable. So when you say, yeah, I get it. Except for defense, right? You also do cold wallet audits. Today, I realize audits mainly for people like you and me, final users of wallets, cold wallets or software wallets to help to protect them, their transaction, to protect their lives, their critical data, and to protect, also to explain how to react, how to have a better life online and to be protected and not to make like strong problem, like to create problems with their data, with their transaction and with everything they have like iPhone or computer, how to react good on every situation. So that's mainly what I do. And about companies, about wallets companies, I have been in contact with, for example, a ledger also to talk about their kind of problems that I could find somehow. And they are working on many, of course, other subjects and also in more deep detail in with Stangem wallet that on my side, I found a very high level of security on their architecture. So mainly what I do is to analyze architecture of the other wallets and to give my opinion on why this aspect of the wallet is not unsecure, but more a vulnerability. And why this aspect is very strong by just cyber, by cybersecurity aspect. So for example, I am on my side, I have, so like I said, I am working with cyber defense area industry, and we are mainly followed in those industry by a governmental entity that is auditing us because they as a deeper important entity in France, in the government, we must be sure that all what we are doing, all the protocols that we are doing, all the applications that we put in place are respect a certain level of security. So we are all well audited by this entity that's called ANSI, Agence Nationale de Securité des Systems d'Information, main cybersecurity company for France. And what I wanted to say is that they provide me always the best certification, the best practices to how to secure and what we want to reach. So they provide me some good advice, some good example, good ideas how to do. So when I apply their advices on wallets, on crypto wallets and the hardware wallets, I can directly identify what is good, what is not good. Like globally, like as an idea, that doesn't mean that it's a critical vulnerability, a critical attacks or danger, but it's a kind of vulnerability or other aspect can be a good point, a good point for not being a vulnerability. So we will discuss about that, I suppose. What would you say like people, like regular people will think war is between countries, like it involves all the weapons and stuff, but in cyber world, a lot of war is ongoing, but people just don't see it. When you open your television, what happened, like the war in Ukraine, the war, like whatever, even the problem in the Middle East, but you have exactly at the same moment, you can follow the cyber attacks of all those area. And we can see that's very, very important groups makes a war in the cyber world exactly at the same moment that we have a real war with people. You provide services for like private entity as well, right? How do people find you if they really need your service? So actually I provide this activity is globally, I conduct it through private groups, but now I open myself to everyone. So again, it's for final user, not for a company today, and people will find me over my website that I am now constructing a building. It's a crypto security audit.com. I will provide you this link. I will provide, usually now people contact me by LinkedIn, contact me by mails that I provide, but I will provide all those information into my website and I will provide it to you if you will be able to add it in comments and to people, let people find me. Perfect, because people need the service. It's like, hello, we're helpless here, we need you. Yes, totally. So yeah, I see how people needs this kind of advice and I make very, very deep audit on every aspect of your life, digital life. And I got very deep into how to protect what choice you have to make on application, on devices and very global advice that you have to follow in your life, like everyday life, not even directly related to crypto. It's how to have a safe behavior online. That's also that. Can you tell me one that you think I would not expect? That you have a web browser, you use Chrome, as I understand, that's the first thing I don't agree with. I am not proposing people to use Chrome, actually. I suggest to people to use Modula, Firefox or Brave, that is directly more focused on to confidentiality and security of your data instead of Google Chrome or solutions that are provided by big company and that can have access to your data because it's a governmental law to let them access to your data. If there is any cyber defense, any cybersecurity law from the government that is found somehow into your area or your system, they are by law authorized to access your data. That's something. So at this point, I am also auditing this JDPR in France. We are talking about personal data security. So I have been auditing the company to be sure that they are compliance in this JDPR stuff, like privacy data. We are talking about this privacy data law. To come back on your question, on your web browser, you have extension, web extension usually. You can use many type of extension, like translator or whatever, like to put bright or the dark aspect of your web browser. This is the main failure of your computer, like the real main failure. You have to understand that those extension are add-on to your programs that is mainly secure. Let's say, even if you use Google Chrome, but if this extension is vulnerable, if it's a bad application, this application will have access to all your computer, all your computer in the web browser environment. That means the camera, what you type on your keyboard, what you have access, if you have access to your bank account or if you have access to your exchange, even if you have multiple authentication, double authentication or biometric authentication, he will see everything you do in online, like live aspect. So even if you do all what you want, he will have access to it. So my main, something that you should be aware of is not to let any web extension be a vulnerable. Like actually don't put any web extension. If you want to use a software wallet, that is a most critical wallet on the blockchain ecosystem. So use just this wallet and nothing else. Like for example, Metamask, put just Metamask or Rabi Wallet and that's all, nothing else because this is the main way to be hacked. So let's say I have the extension, I do, right? Now I want to remove it, but I'm really worried. Is it just gonna, if they could see me now, do they all have all the information already? Is it too late? No, I don't think it's too late because if it would be the case, you would be already hacked. So yeah, let's be honest. But if you have still this system, you can simply remove all your extension and you can remove your software wallet from Chrome and to install Firefox or Brave and to reinstall your software wallet in Firefox and everything will be okay globally. Let's talk about the biggest hack of humankind, which is the Bybit incident that just happened. I want you to maybe break it down from a cybersecurity expert's perspective because for us, we see it on the news and it's analyzed by God knows who, right? It's probably not an expert. So from your perspective, what happened? What exactly happened? What went wrong? Okay, so first when we saw that on the news, like you and me, we wanted to know who was behind that and we discovered that it was a very big group. It was Lazarus Cyber group, cyber attacker from North Korea. So we definitely understood that it was not a simple hack. It was a very prepared and very synchronized hack. Actually, the hack itself happened in two minutes. Is it globally? Yeah, it's the timing of an attack between 30 seconds to two minutes. Usually it doesn't take more than that and in two minutes, they did 60 or 70 transactions of 10,000 ACROM. That's what they did in two minutes. So it took really two minutes, but it had been prepared before. I mean, the hackers already get inside the system before it happened. Like two days ago, they started to infect the system. But when they infect the system, they put a program in Google Chrome. So you have to say it was on... Yeah, that's what happened. In the Google Chrome web browser of the signature, like on Bybit people, they insert this code to allow the program to be activated in very certain circumstances when with a very specified wallet and specified person owner of this wallet, because we are talking about multi-signal. So let me explain you how it started. So one day in the middle of the week, it was on 17, don't really remember it because the hack happened on Friday. But two days ago, Lazarus Group inserted, they sent a hack into the safe wallet. They infected the multi-signature system that is using Bybit. So what is happening in Bybit? When they made those big moves, every day they have also cold wallets. And what I provide is exactly what I would propose to you, use a cold wallet. So their big money are not online. They put it online when they need to make transaction. So they have cold wallet. So it's mainly cold wallet that are compatible with multi-signature system. So we are talking about like type of Trezor and Ledger type of cold wallet. And they have their wallet on multi-signature system. So that means that there is several people that need to sign the transaction. So from here, everything is normal. They do that every day or every week, I don't really know. And what happened is that this multi-signature came from safe smart contracts. So we are talking about, before it was called Gnosis, safe Gnosis smart contract, multi-signature. Now we are talking just about safe wallet. And their multi-signature was made on a safe program, safe smart contract. So two days ago, like I said, Lazarus Group sent a hack into the system, into the web interface, into the display system of safe platform. That's very interesting. And this is the start of the shocking of what happened because they introduced their hack from just the display interface of safe. It wasn't the smart contract that was hacked. The smart contract itself just allow exactly like he would allow any transaction. But the display of safe, that is safe point global, this is the application that has been hacked, was into like received a hack that allow to modify just before signing the transaction, it allow to change the final address, the global address of the receiver. So here, what I want you to understand and to identify as something not normal is that the display system of safe allowed to manage the safe contract side, the certification as, and in fact, it should just be something just to display the system safe point global. It's an application for the web interface just in front. We are talking about something that should just display information, not change any part of the signature. So that was the first shocking thing that how this display application could modify the final destination. But this is what happened. So two days ago, they changed that. This change got into action when they identified first the wallet they wanted to hack. So it's a wallet with like, with this huge money and the people they identified also, they have to investigate also who is the owner of those wallets, like who has a multi-signature owner of this wallet. So in the code, we can directly see the list of public address of the owners and the list of the wallets they wanted to hack. And if those wallets are in the condition, so okay, the program is launched. So this is the beginning of the code. And also we have to understand that this system of SAFE is, you know, they have, they deployed into a system. Also like everyone, any website is deployed into a cloud or whatever. And SAFE system is deployed into AWS S3. So it's very global. That's also a second point I have to mention when I investigated on the audit that has been directly export, like showed by the CEO of Bybit himself. He did an investigation and this, and I read directly the report from the CEO that he put on X directly. So I read it and the conclusion of this audit is that we are still trying to understand if the failure, if the vulnerability came from Amazon S3 or from another aspect. But this is, we have to say that they had to introduce this hack into Amazon. So somehow they could have access. They could reach the data authentication to access this rep3, this Amazon server. So we can see that here we have Amazon that is on the one side, if they had access to the correct identification, like if they could steal those identification system to introduce the system of Amazon, or if they hacked Amazon, this I don't know yet. But the second point is that there is human here that is involved. This is the main point I want to explain here. When usually a system is hacked, mainly statistically it's human that is behind a problem, behind a failure. As less human you have, more security you have. That's a fact. If you let yourself to have your own seed phrase, that means that you let yourself as a human trying to protect or to hide your seed phrase, but somehow someone could find it. So I am also part as Tangem propose, part of proposing not to let seed phrase system to recover your data. It's something that you have to hold on your side. Yeah, it's the CEO of Tangem said it's a time bomb. And actually I understand this point of view because you have to protect this seed phrase. With this seed phrase, you can access all your money. So you have to protect it as much as your wallet. I mean, you have two things to secure now instead of one. Of course, the seed phrase is a solution to have a backup. Yeah. That's funny. Of course, yeah. If you think about it, you know cybersecurity is very simple. It's very simple. As much thing you have to protect as more vulnerability you have. Okay, so don't need to make it more complicated, more like don't create your trouble. One system, secure it and that's all. Okay, that's my point of view. And that's what Tangem does actually. So to come back on what happened in Bybit, we have Cold Wallet, people that signed a transaction with safe and what have been hacked is their computer, is what was written on the computer and on the interface of safe. So they went on safe, they signed the transaction. So the hack modified the address on the screen of their computer on safe. So they didn't see anything bad on the screen, but on the wallet itself, on the little screen, the display on their little wallet, the address was not the correct one. It was a human failure. We are directly talking about blindsigning. If they would have to take one second, each of them, they all did the same mistake, all the signers, if they would see that address on their wallet was not the same on their screen, nothing would happen. So it wasn't 100% hack, non-visible hack. If they would take this time to see that what they sign on their Cold Wallet was not the same address that is on the screen, they would recognize that there will be a problem and they would not sign it. So that's my vision on what I know now. Maybe there is something new that will tell me that, no, even though Cold Wallet was hacked, but for the moment, no, the Cold Wallet was not hacked. It's just the safe display system that was hacked. I think I watched the interview or the Q&A with Benzel right after what happened. I think what he was saying is with multi-sig, the screen doesn't really show the full thing. And he probably couldn't fit the little screen, so he just signed. A little screen display on a little device, like on this side, it's not enough. It's not a hardware wallet, but usually hardware wallets like Trezor or Ledger are very small and the display is too small. Okay, they have bigger now, bigger wallets, but on this little screen, you can't, as you say, you can just see some few parts of the characters of the address and you have to wait or to click on next to see the next part maybe, but it's not enough. It's not enough. So they said that if the display is on the wallet, so it's secured, like it's a safe display. In my vision, in my analyze, it's not if the display is on the device that's a proof that it's secured, but actually here on safe, it wasn't the case. The display really displays the correct information. So we are not, we will not go into vulnerability of that. It's not the point here, but if the display was bigger, we could directly see that the address is not, it was not good. I think that as human, like you and me, we don't want to, it's very uncomfortable to see things like on the one, just one line, it's not easy to read something. So that's why they trusted their device, like their computer on safe, and they didn't read anything on the device. That's also a point that I want to mention. So the connection you have between the display on the hardware wallet, this is, the question should be how the display is connected to your device. For example, on the hardware wallet like Trezor or Ledger, it's just physically connected. If that means that if someone could access, like open the system and try to make some vault injection or stuff like that, and you could access the data, you could modify things and access some information. For example, on the Tangem, it's just a card, and it's just holding the private key and the public key, nothing else. There is no entry points, there is no USB, there is nothing. And it's not even upgradable, that it's something on my side, I think that it's a good point. But of course we can discuss about this, we can't, of course, somehow, sometime, we will probably need to upgrade on to update something. But this is also another subject, but the point is that the connection between the card and the display, the display is on the smartphone, and what connects the hardware wallet to the display is a cryptographic certificate. That's strong, that's really strong. If there is a problem on the smartphone, or if there is a problem on your card, like Tangem card, so if one of them is not correct, the communication will just stop, it won't recognize because it's based on a certificate, on a cryptographic certificate, just to be sure that you understand how deep important it is. All the blockchain is based on cryptographic certificate, it's the principle of the blockchain. So that's why I think that it's much more stronger way to communicate between the wallet and the screen, just in, in comparison with a hardware wallet, with a screen inside, that you can modify by opening the box and to create some, like when I was saying vault injection, it's when you try to manipulate the electricity on it and to create troubles to the device and to generate some wave, electricity wave, and to analyze those waves and to see, okay, this is A, this is B, this is C, like exactly something like that. You can have those system to hack the system, you can have those option to hack the system. Finally, the people on Bybit, they just haven't read correctly, it's a human failure. First of all, human failure about the fact that they didn't read correctly, the address, the final address on the wallet, on the hardware wallet. And also it was a hack on, from the safe side because the display system was not supposed to be able to modify the transaction itself and this is what happened. So we can have also here a development, like application architecture that was not really correct. The display was not supposed to do anything about decisional things like what address to deploy, what is the correct address. And that's all. So we have those two parts to identify. So we are talking about blind timing, human confirmation and software application confirmation on the safe side. Okay, well, what you just said about the hardware wallet with a screen, I need to play devil's advocate here because I've heard other experts saying that the most important thing for a hardware wallet is to have a screen. Now I'm hearing all different things now and I want to know your point of view. So when you say, okay, for example, the Bybit situation, they didn't read it correctly. But let's say today, if they were using Tingen, then the display will be on the phone. It's an app. Now the app could be hacked, but what you were saying is if I use the card and I scan, it won't even scan. Yes, it's working like that. If the application or the wallet is not authentic, the certificate that is, you know, it's a cryptographic certificate. It's like a hash. It's something that you can't modify. If there is one bit, one single information that is changed, everything is broken. Like the communication is broken because the result of the checks, there was a check number that is very, very precise. If there is one little thing that changes, the communication, this number, this big number will change. So the communication will stop. It won't recognize it. So that's why I say that if they would have used the Tingen wallet and if the application, let's say the application would be hacked on your smartphone, so the card will not recognize the system and you say, no, I can't sign it. It's not the application, it's something else. I don't know what it is, but it's not the application. So the card, and it will happen because the card itself is when you create, when you initialize it, it's done, it's finished. There is no possibility to modify it unless you want to destruct it. Like it's just a card. Like what can you do? First of all, the system that is on this card is the same system that you use to validate your passport when you change country. When you have this passport control, there is a chipset inside that is the same chipset on Tingen card. This chipset actually is also used in cyber defense in France, actually. So it's a very high secure system and you can't modify it. It's just a card. So if there would be any problem, the card would not authentified. And in the opposite, if the card would have a problem, the application would not identify the card. So it's bidirectional and what Lazarus Group had to do here is to find a way to attack a system without being here. It's totally, they did it from very far. No one was here in front to be inside by bid, to modify something inside, because of course that's a part of, it could happen like that. Like someone inside a spy that would open a back door to do something very fast, but it's not like that. This Lazarus Group operates in total distant method. And like you said, Ledger has this big, bigger screen, the device flex, I think. You think if they were using that, it would be preventable? Yes, I think it would be because as a human, preventable just again, we're talking about human. If you read correctly what happened, you would see, but of course on a big screen, I think this Ledger that you are talking about is very big like that. So if you would see correctly the address, you would see that it's not the same address on the screen and on your hardware wallet, but of course it's bigger so you can see it globally. So yeah. One last question. So you said Tengen, it won't scan if it was hacked, but with Ledger, then that means Ledger has a different way of transmitting the information, because otherwise you can say the same about Ledger if it's wrong, it shouldn't go through. Yes. Yes, you are right. And actually Ledger wasn't impacted here. The hardware wallet itself here in Bybit use case is not in fault. The hardware wallet showed the correct false address. It showed the address of the hackers, but just a few parts, just a few parts. I see, I see. That's the point. And that's what happened. I'm just saying that here, if they would have a bigger screen, they could probably see that it's not the same, but the hardware wallet totally identifies the hacker address. Okay, I see, I see. Yeah, that's what I saw on reports as well. It says it has nothing to do with the hardware wallet itself, but your suggestion is to have like a bigger screen, which I think it's very fair to say. Totally. It's just, well, exactly what we said. If with a bigger screen, they could see that it's not the correct address. As what I know, right? Hackers can actually stay in the system for a while and wait for the perfect time. You are right. So. That's true. So how do I even know if they're already in my system? Like in my phone, let's say, or in my laptop, you can use all the software to scan and all that, but I don't know because like really good hacker groups, I feel like they can do anything if they want to, like you said earlier. I can't tell you how much right you are because we are talking here about something I wanted to share and I forgot myself. We are, it's called a zero day attack. A zero day attack, it's a day, it's a type of attack that is happening with zero day prevention, zero day anticipation. That's the definition, that's what happened when hackers found a failure in a system and keep it hidden, keep it in a secret, and they will use it in a very strategic moment. And that's exactly what happened with a very, very good group of hackers, like very high skills of hackers. And usually we are talking about almost governmental entities or hacker like Lazarus Group that have many, it's kind of a joker card that they keep for big opportunities and that's what we call zero day attack. And to be honest, here in Bybit, it was a zero day attack from SAFE because I'm sure that this vulnerability, they found it a lot before, but they wanted to find the correct opportunity, the correct timing to hack and to attack SAFE with the system because they knew, of course, that when they will make this attack, SAFE will patch this vulnerability. So they wanted to have the huge, the biggest amount and they did it 1.46704 billion. It's huge. Yeah. So yes, we are talking about the zero day attack, you are right. And for, okay, like for a normal person, retail users, we don't have that big of an amount, but we're still worried about our system being hacked and we don't realize it. Yeah. So like, and you said no system is a hundred percent secure, then it become like a philosophy type of question. Yeah. Do I start or do I not? Or like, what do I do? It feels like you're gonna be attacked regardless. Usually you can be safe on your side because first of all, I'm sure that you and me have a zero day attack on our system. There is a zero day attack maybe on, I am using a Windows system, you are maybe on Mac system, but there is probably some zero day attack on the, like some failures, secret failure, secret vulnerability, but you and me are not at a governmental level to be reached by the attack. If you would be attacked, that's what I told you before, if you would have a vulnerability, you would already be an attack. You are not kind of personality that would, that's where, that's an attacker group, a hacker group would wait the correct opportunity to attack you. You are not at this level, you are not by bit. We are not those kind of level. We are just, we are targeted by lower hackers that are mainly wait for social engineering type of hacking. You don't have to worry about those kinds of attacks. It's not for us. Yeah. See, that makes you feel better. Yeah, I feel better for that. Yeah, don't worry. And in Benzo, like the by bit CEO's interview, he said something that made me think. He said he was transferring from or out of, I can't remember, warm wallet. Now, then I looked up like your presentation. You said there's cold wallet, hot wallet and warm wallet. You put Tangem under cold, Ledger and Trezor under warm. No, all of them are cold. Ledger and Tangem are cold. But actually what is true is that on my conferences, I said that Tangem is real cold wallet and I put actually Ledger and Trezor as warm, not warm, but less cold wallet. Because it's just by definition, again, I don't attack here Ledger or Trezor, but by definition, what is a cold wallet? It's a system that holds your private key and public key not connected to internet. That's the definition. By definition, cold is not connected. You know cold wallet, so stuff. You know that because now you are talking about crypto. But before crypto world, in my job, we were talking about cold storage. It exists before. Cold storage is just a storage that you have humanly takes the data with the USB key from here and to walk and to put it in a code like somewhere else. It's not connected to internet. This is cold. So Tangem wallet in the card, it doesn't have any input output, just this NFC system to output the authorization. There is no connection, there is not entry point. And instead of Ledger and Trezor system that have connections that they have USB port because it's a system that has to be upgradable. They have to update the system. They have to update the ship set. And they have to make the communication between the hardware wallet to your computer to sometimes to make transaction. But even if you make the transaction offline, but by definition, Trezor and Ledger can be online. You can connect it to your computer. So that's my conclusion. It's not totally cold. Do you understand what I mean? I see. I see. Okay, so this question, I think a lot of people who are not in crypto for a long time would be very curious. Now, when I store funds in a hardware wallet, a lot of people think you're actually storing it in the device, but it's not. Tell us where does the money actually go? And how do I make sure that I am the only person that can access the fund? Good question. Okay, so as you said, the funds are on the blockchain. They are decentralized. And this is the key word of everything. Everyone that own a node, everyone that have those miners, that's what we call miners, those people who have downloaded all the blockchain or their computer, they own all the data. They are the proof of the veracity of the truth, like of the real trace of the money. So the coins are online. Like they are on this decentralized system. Everyone have the same register, the same log of data because the blockchain is just a log of transaction, nothing else. And this is where the money is. It's on the chain, on chain. And what you have, a hardware wallet is by definition, the definition is an asymmetric cryptographic system generator. Does that mean what? That means that your asymmetric means asymmetric cryptographic, it's private and public key. For example, in difference, a symmetric system is just one private key. And you have to share, if you and me, Bonnie, you would want to share a secret together. We will have to share the same private key. This is symmetric. We were using that during the first and second world war. But after that, we started to use second, like asymmetric system, mean a public key and a private key. And then the public can be public, that's the point of it. And you will have a public key to encrypt and I will have a public key, sorry, private key to encrypt. And on my side, I will decrypt. So this is how it works. So now the hardware wallet just hold private key and public key, nothing else. That's the role of the hardware wallet. And then that's why this system should not be somehow upgraded or when we are talking about the screen, for example, the screen is something we can understand that has to be upgraded. That's how to have updates because the phone is being updated and things like that. So if you put the screen on the wallet, you put somehow a vulnerability, not somehow, you put a vulnerability because you have to upgrade all the wallet, like all the device with the screen. And that's why 10GM somehow, it's a very interesting system, a secure system, because the card itself doesn't have any screen and it holds your private key and public key, nothing else. And that's the real sense of a wallet, to hold public and private key. And they do it intentionally, right? Intentionally, no screen. Exactly, intentionally. This system has been raised by the CEO by checking all the failure and all the vulnerabilities of all other wallet and he created 10GM wallet. It's like a super secure system raised by all the vulnerability of other wallet. Earlier you said human failure, right? Yeah. And you wanna hold as little things as possible. I think you said something about humans should not be holding their private key or seed phrase. Seed phrase. Seed phrase. Seed phrase, okay. Humans should not, okay, you said humans should not be able to hold their seed phrase. Then where should it go? Go, like tell us what you mean by that. Okay, when you create a hardware wallet, you generate a public and private key, yes? This is the system. And usually seed phrase is a system that allow you to make a backup of your hardware wallet if you need it. And the system, a hardware wallet that is created with seed phrase, actually you just not generate seed, private key and public key. Those public key and private key are generated from the seed phrase. So it's a system where the private key and public key are generated from this seed phrase. And this is another system. Tangent created a private key and public key totally without a seed phrase. So it's auto-generated. It doesn't generate the public and private key from the seed phrase. This is something I want to tell you. And from this, you have to understand that if you generate your wallet through a seed phrase, so you have your hardware wallet that you have to secure and you have the seed phrase here, 12 or 24 words that you have to, okay, where we put it? You will start to make a whole new wall to secure it. What will I do with it? You think that it's well hidden, but maybe someone saw it one day and you will just wake up one day and you will see that your wallet is totally empty and you will finally see that, yes, maybe this secret place was not as secret as I saw. Is that the point? You have to hold two secrets, your wallet and the seed phrase. Two questions that came from what you just said. First question is, what if tangent goes down? Because with the seed phrase, I can kind of get my fund back. Now, if I don't have that, what do I do? Yeah, so. That's the first question. So you see this, tangent has a system with two or three card or ring. And if you, so let's say you have three card. If you lose one card and you lose even the second card somehow, you still have one card to say, okay, now it's time to change wallet. You could, you will take the money of your last card and you will send it to a new wallet, tangent, or whatever you want. That's the first principle of tangent. And you say, what happened if tangent fall? What tangent is the app that you can switch the store. So actually it's a very simple thing. You can, the application is totally disconnected from tangent environment. It's on GitHub. It's totally official place platform to have programs. You just have to go on the link. You click, you can install it like exactly like you would do with your Apple store or Samsung store, whatever, Android store. And you will have it on your phone and you will totally be able, even if tangent doesn't exist anymore, you will totally be able to reach your fund and to communicate with your wallet and to be able to transfer it everywhere you want. It will continue to work. Second question I thought of when you just said, from what you just said, is you said private key and public key is from seed phrase. And see, I was totally wrong. I thought seed phrase was from private key. No, you generate the private key and public key from the seed phrase. Yes. I see. I see. Okay, so with tangent, I don't have seed phrase. Is that what you're saying? Tangent can generate a public key and the private key without seed phrase. It's not connected to a seed phrase. You can generate by yourself. You know, it's a protocol that exists again since the second world war. And now after that, the blockchain has created has used this cryptographic system to make a new system that Satoshi Nakamoto created, but whatever. We are still talking about asymmetric cryptographic system that is public and private key. So you can create by itself a private and public key. The only thing is that seed phrase, it's a system that you already have a sentence. That means that you already have a root of your system and you create, you generate private and public key from this root. That means that they are, that depends from it. That's how, and that's why you can have a backup from your wallet with a seed phrase because those numbers has been created from it. So this is a system of a seed phrase. And you can also, like I said, generate it without seed phrase and have two totally new private and public key. Okay, which one would you, which way would you personally pick? Because I think a lot of, last time I talked about tangent, I think a lot of people raised the question of, okay, if I don't have seed phrase, isn't that very dangerous? So again, what I would pick and what I do actually is to have a system without seed phrase. I trust the system because I don't want to have this complication to put this seed phrase somewhere and to hide the system. I don't like the fact that me as human have to hold and to secure a system that is already secured by itself. Like seriously, blockchain is very secure. Like Bitcoins and cryptographic system is nowadays the most secure things we have. So no need to think that your seed phrase, you will hide it in the wall of your neighbor and it will be better. So I don't trust those system. That's my choice to be a seedless system. Big topic that always come up when it comes to hardware wallet is can the company actually access your funds? And I always hear different companies coming out with reports and stuff saying that, hey, us, we cannot, but someone else can. So I wanna ask you, can hardware wallets company actually access people's funds? So to answer directly, no. They don't have this possibility. It will be a huge risk from them to allow this process because if someone will find it, it will be a catastrophe, to be honest. Now it seems like all wallets have some flaws, right? But I have not here what could go wrong with Tingen. What? Like when you say no system is 100% secure, right? What could go wrong with Tingen? Like I said, the main vulnerability is entry point of a system. It's one of the, even of hardware wallets. So in the system, the main thing you want to know is how to access it, even in the war. We are talking about the Troy war here, how they could insert this huge castle. They send, like you know, the horse Troy, they insert something inside the system. They got inside. So this is the main question in cybersecurity, how to connect to be inside a system. On this angle aspect of consideration, a Tingen card, yes, Tingen card connection is NFC. This is only protocol that's open to communication. And NFC system protocol, is blocked on writing. There is no input way. But anyway, if you would want to access a Tingen card, you would have to face the NFC protocol and to find a way to interact with the card. I really don't know how it could be possible because the protocol, NFC protocol is blocked for input. It's just for output, just to validate a transaction. So far, I never heard that it has been possible. What about the ring? The ring is the same system. The ring is based on an NFC protocol with exactly the same system, with the same chipset as far as I understand, with exactly the outputs like the readable NFC firmware. So just to make you a little joke about that, if you are able to hack Tingen, so you will be able to hack your passport. I don't think that the government will allow that. I told you the chipset is the same that on your passport, it's a passport security system. If you succeed to hack that, you will have problems with governments. Okay, I see, I see. Now, I know that you can stick tokens on Tingen, but my question will be, if the thing is offline, how do you even do that? The transaction itself is on chain. So the chain is, of course, is on the web, like it's online. It gets a process, the final process of signature came, we said that it's offline because the device is not connected to internet. It's a cold wallet, it's a cold system, not connected. So in the end of all those online system, you take your signature system, your cold wallet signature system, and you connect your wallet to it. So instantly, and that's why I talk about that before, ledger and treasurer type, you can put a cable and connect to your computer. And this is a part of, on my side, part of the problem, but you can also not connect anything and to go on your device and validate the transaction because it's somehow connected to your computer to validate, to synchronize and transaction. So it must be connected somehow. You are right, it's not very clear, like very easy to explain how it's totally offline because the transaction itself is online. I mean, yes, the transaction. Yes, staking. Yes, staking, but the signature, the validation is offline because it's on your device. It's just something that you have on your hand. Okay, that's, and it depends, this final step depends on the device. I know that for Tangem, you have this card, it's a proof of the system, and you just, when you tap on your phone, it's, I directly understand that it's offline because the device remain offline. On other hardware wallet, somehow it has to be, it has to be connected to the system. I don't want to mistake my understanding of other protocol because I very deep focus on the step, on the protocol to share my advice. So how to, when is exactly the offline process, the offline step of validation, I will still not need to focus on every system. But the signature globally is offline. Who want to talk about Lazarus Group? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Lazarus Group, that's fine. What do you know about them? Lazarus Group, what do I know about them? It's just their reputation and that they are involved into, it's very, they are involved into financing North Korea government globally. They are almost a governmental entity that hack other countries that are enemies globally of North Korea to find funds for the government. So we are talking about, and I hope I don't say mistakes about that because it's not my point here. It's just global knowledge that I have about them. They have very good skills. They are trained in North Korea, sometimes not in North Korea. They have very good funds. They have very good skills, but also very good environment to provide their, yeah, to provide, to create those attacks by the fact that it's a very organized, very strong entities. And they can, their role is just to hack a very, very huge system with very huge profits. It's, that's what I can say on this Lazarus Group. You will see their name on Bybit and you will, globally they reach just targets from starting from $500 million or euro by funds, not only on crypto, of course. And this is their role to reach strategic, surgical attacks on very huge profits. And that's what I know about Lazarus Group globally. What type of platforms are hackers most focused on? For example, if it's cross-chain, is it exchange? Is it DeFi? Do you know anything that people should maybe try to avoid? Yeah, you mentioned it in your answer, Julie, that's correct. Cross-chain. Cross-chain is the main one. Then Ethereum, environment is the second one. And the third one is centralized exchange, as you can see. Centralized exchange is for governmental, like very high skilled hackers. Actually cross-chain also is like, it's huge money that they do on cross-chain. And the main targets that they had historically in blockchain was Ethereum. Of course, it started with the Bitcoin, but Bitcoin is very, it's quite secure system. But Ethereum was less secure and they started to be more and more secure now, but still it's still a huge part of the revenue. So cross-chain, Ethereum and centralized exchange. It's really funny. I don't know if you're aware, but a lot of people in crypto are annoyed with Ethereum right now because of the price. Now plus this, oh my God. Yeah. I don't think it's helping. Yes, it's not. Of course, there is a big part of self-confidence we should have for in this area. And we must know that all those online system of way of making money are vulnerable to cyber attacks. So we must live with it in this and to be just to be sure is that like to ensure our own steps on our level. If you want like a simple advice, for example, about you and me, I would say that the only thing you should check if you want to use a centralized exchange is just to check the policy of refund of an insurance policy. You just have to check if the percentage of covering insurance policy is covering the amount of money you want to put on it. And then you can just slip correctly. You don't care if they have been hacked by Lazarus Group or by all the world. You don't care because you know that the policy will refund you. Like nothing, no need to do more than that. So I don't know, are you aware if the centralized exchange right now are insured? Yeah. I don't know if insurance company would actually, they are. Of course, of course. It's part of my audit. It's part of my audit. I share that points with people. I have also this analyze of how to safely go into an exchange. Yes, they have a refundable policy insurance. That's interesting. And it's all public information? Totally public. Yes. Geez, I should just. Yes. How can I not know this? You would know it when you will do your audit with me, Bonnie. It's for sure. But also just for you to know, after the audit, you will have to go to the bank and buy bit after this huge, the biggest attacks of the world on cryptocurrency. You have to know that they could refund and they could be available again just 72 hours after. You have to understand how huge capacity skills it is from buy bit side to totally cover the fund, totally cover the loss. Yeah. And to be able to provide that. Never stop withdrawal. Yes, almost never. It took them 18 hours to be able to put back against the service and 72 hours to cover all the loss. Do you imagine? 1.46 billion have been covered in 72 hours just to show the strength of this system of buy bit. So it's just to give them back their sum of proud for them because it's not easy to be popular for being the biggest attacks of the world. But they should be also popular by being the fastest system recovering system of the world also, 72 hours. I've heard people or hackers, scammers, whatever you call them using AI, like deep fake to imitate your face because a lot of centralized exchange, they actually use this facial recognition thing. And I don't know if AI can actually hack that system. That's very interesting, Bunyi. I think that you, have you seen my cybersecurity conference because it seems like all your questions are just my conference. I can even make you my conference again. And yes, you are totally right. AI has been and is nowadays the first reason of the rate of attacks in cryptocurrency and crypto ecosystem because we are in a period when the number of attacks and the sophistication level of attacks is a little higher than the security system that is a security system all over the world, I mean. The security system, how does it work? Of course, the security system as much as possible, but they mainly work as we identify an attack and we patch it. Okay, next attack, identified patch, identified patch. But nowadays, the number of attacks are higher than before, a lot higher because of sophistication, because the AI. So we are having more attacks than defense. And that's why there is so much wave into blockchain ecosystem and even more in AC room and cross-chain attacks. Let's say now everybody after watching this video, they're like, oh my God, I need to do something about my current situation. So what they'll do is remove all the extensions, right? Yes. And voila, that's it. For the web browser environment, yes. Some people will tell you, I use a VPN. Is it correct? I am correct. I am totally safe if I use a VPN, for example. So the answer again is no. I mean, there is many ways to find your identity again, because a VPN is just one of the way to change your localization. But you as a person, as a computer, you have many identity on you that you don't even know. And the system, the platform that I will show you for the next time if you want, is analyzing graphic card signature signal. It's analyzing motherboard signal. It's analyzing every like your web browser signals. And all that he creates a hash. He creates a unique number on your computer. And the fact is if you just change your IP, it's so small regarding all the rest of identification system solutions that he can provide, that it won't change the number. And he would say, no, you change your VPN, but I still recognize you, because I still in the world can see your graphic card, your motherboard, your programs, your web browser, and you, I can identify you. And the scary thing is that he will tell you even how many times you came to me. Even if you try to change your localization, he will say, you came here 17 times. And this is the 70th time he arrived to me. So yeah. I feel so hopeless right now, like what? Even that don't work. Yes. But that's why I say to stay anonymous means also not to create too much personality on your computer, not to personalize it too much, to remain with as simple as possible. You should, I will provide you also something else if you want empty your cookies very often. Don't let cookies, Bybit came from cookies, just to tell you it was cookies. Oh really? Yeah, cookies on Google Chrome. The infected AWS S3 cloud from Safe and then it introduced like vulnerable cookies on Google Chrome computer of Bybit owners. So it came from that web browser again. You know, you should just write all these things down and then sell it as like a course or like a guideline. People will buy it because- Yes, that's why- Now after talking to you, I'm freaking out. That's why I make my audit. I put everything on my audit. When I make my audit, I provide the question to people. They answer many, many, many questions. And every question after that, I put a rate on it from zero to two, zero to five, one to five, one to four, depending on the question. And in the end of my audit, you have a full Excel file with many, many, many, many information on different subjects and with a rate, with a final rate that I called a score, like a security, I called it like a security scored level. And this secure score level represent your safetyness at the point, at this moment. And through that, we can identify the aspect of your life, digital life that you have to improve. And then you will see that the score will raise day after days. Then you will be safe. If you start to reach a score about 85% or 87%, you will be able to be good. No one as far today reach, I am very strict with people, no one which more than 91% is the highest score. But even 100% would represent just my vision on the best you can do on security. But my first advice is don't think that you will be 100% secure. But if you do that, you will be okay. Well, you've given people a lot of good suggestions and great insights. Thank you so much. Thank you also, Bonny, for inviting me in your YouTube. If you wanna check out TenGem, the link below gives you 10% off all products. Stay safe online.