 Every Bitcoin you buy today is probably worth $13 million in US dollars in 21 years. I'd love to tell you I understood all this four years ago. If I boil down everything you learn in business school to one sentence, it's keep. Do you get nervous when Bitcoin price drops? Maybe you're more bearish. The bear case would be only three million a coin and the bull case is... The way I made money in big tech investments is I find something everybody needs. Nobody could stop. And most people... Diversification doesn't make sense if your life depends upon making the one right choice. Are you repelling money? Are you scaring it away? Or are you attracting it? But Bonnie, that will make you interesting. Interesting means... There's this point where you're either going to have a fast death or a slow death or take a risk. Taiwan's semiconductor, it does something that nobody understood. What's really going on here is a revolution in thinking. The way you make a lot of money, Bonnie, is... Hey, nice to meet you, Bonnie. As I was preparing for this conversation, I came across some really interesting things about you online. And I want to ask you how accurate this is. OK, so I read that you spend your childhood living in different countries around the world and that you enjoy comic books. But, you know, your parents encourage you to read regular books by offering you a dime. For each book you finish. And that sparked your interest in reading. And I want to know how accurate these stories are. Yeah, that's a true story. Yeah, so I grew up in an Air Force on Air Force bases. My father is in the Air Force his entire career. And we lived in Japan and we lived in New Zealand and we lived all all through the West. And in Florida and Virginia. So that was a nice upbringing. But I remember that when I was around first grade, I had this serious love of comic books. And I think they cost twenty five cents at the time. And I couldn't afford them. But my first grade teacher had a reading competition. And, you know, there was a lot of reading competition. And, you know, there was competition to see how many books you could read. And my parents told me they would give me one dime, ten cents per book. And I was very competitive at the time. Probably just just I was really into Silver Surfer or, you know, Fantastic Four comic books. So I discovered I could go to the library and I could check out seven books at a time. And so I was looking for books and I checked out a couple of them. And I checked out a bunch of science fiction books. And so I get seven of them and I read them all. And then I would get the 70 cents. And then I would go back and get seven more and I'd read them. And then as fast as I read the books, I would be buying comic books. And I think that summer, I read some, you know, ridiculous number of books, like like normally one book a day for the entire summer, but something like 70 or 80 books during the summer of this competition. And I did it primarily to fund my comic book habit. But by the time I finished the summer, I actually enjoyed reading. I mean, you know, and I got really into science fiction and I discovered Robert Heinlein and Arthur C. Clark and Isaac Asimov and many of the great inspirations that defined the rest of my life. And by I'm sure by the time I was in third grade, I'd read all of those works and then I proceeded to reread them. I think that really accelerated my intellectual development. So thank you to my parents for that little trick. It worked. That's amazing. Do you still read comic books at all? Not so much anymore. OK, you know, Taiwanese people, we love to invest in US stock, Taiwanese stock. And I want to ask you about MicroStrategy before that, just to make sure I have all the numbers right. MicroStrategy currently holds 250, 2220 bitcoins. That's correct. And based on what you announced four years ago, you personally hold 17,732 bitcoins. Is that correct? A bit more than that now, but that's what I announced four years ago. Yes. OK. You know, when it comes to finance, we've been taught to diversify, but that doesn't seem to be the strategy. MicroStrategy or you have followed. What inspired you to go this route and how did you initially convince the board and the investors to be on board with it? Yeah, I think. First of all, the idea of diversification, it makes sense if you have an array of options, all of them risky and most of them poorly understood. And so if I give you 500 companies and it takes you 100 hours to understand each company and you don't have 100 hours times 500 to understand the companies, then simply buying the entire portfolio of all 500 of them is not any irrational idea. But diversification doesn't make sense if your life depends upon making the one right choice. So if you're if you're on a sinking ship and there are 10 lifeboats and one of them is functional and in the water and floating and the other nine have a hole in them. And you can see that they have a hole in them and they're not going to get deployed. Then simply putting the 10 kids, each one of them in a different boat isn't a wise thing. It's better to put all your family into the boat that's floating. And often it's the same with a car or any kind of technology you understand. And many times you can't even afford, right? Like the city can have one bridge. The city can't afford 10 bridges. It can't afford to diversify and have 10 bridges over the same river. It doesn't make things better. It will make the city bankrupt. And so sometimes you just have to come to the right choice. And the last point is if you're in an economy with hyperinflation and the currency is going to zero and everybody's going to starve to death, then choosing to leave half your family and the country and take the other half out of the country because you want to be diversified is just foolish. Right. If your house is on fire, you should take the entire family out of the house. You shouldn't leave half the kids in the house and half the kids in the backyard outside the house in order to be safe. Right. You're not safer if there's a problem. Yeah. You know, so the the the trope of diversification is appropriate when you don't know the right answer and you're placing a bunch of bets across a bunch of different alternatives. But when you actually have math and physics and common sense to guide you, then nobody diversifies. You know, you choose the best outcome and you do that. So why MicroStrategy discovered Bitcoin? Well, we had five hundred million dollars of cash. It was generating zero percent interest. The cost of capital was 15 to 20 percent. And we were basically looking at a situation where the company was going to lose as much money holding the cash as it made through its operations each year. And therefore, we were failing as a business. The company was going to die. And so we had to find something to do with the money. How do you invest the money in something that will return more than the cost of capital to cost the capital and the traditional dollar economy is the is the S&P return. It's maybe 12 to 14 percent a year. If you're returning zero percent, you're losing 12 to 14 percent of your capital a year. And if you're returning 24 percent, you know, you're you're adding 24 percent nominally or 12 percent in real terms every single year. So Bitcoin turns out to be the only commodity in the world that that is actually a scarcity. It's the only commodity that's a good investment over the long period. Every other commodity will underperform the S&P index because they're not scarce. Bitcoin will overperform the S&P index because it is scarce. And so it's unique as the only commodity that actually is good investment. And it's also the only digital commodity, an asset without an issuer. And that gives it regulatory superiority for a publicly traded company. Because public companies in the US can't hold more than 40 percent of their balance sheet in a security, they have to own property or a commodity. So MicroStrategy was, you know, facing a quick death or a slow death or or innovate, try a new idea. And so we tried the new idea. And that's what got us on the path to becoming a Bitcoin company. Was it difficult to convince people, though, because 2020 people were still arguing if Bitcoin was a scam? Yeah, it was a very methodic process. First, I had to convince myself in 2013, I thought it was going to fail. What we say is that everybody's against Bitcoin before they're for it. And Bitcoin's on a need to know basis. So if you don't need it, if your life didn't depend on it, you would dismiss it as a nuisance or an oddity of some sort. It's like electricity or a new thing like a motor. If you didn't expect to find clean, silent power, then you wouldn't know you need to redesign your factory in 1700 for electricity. You wouldn't look for it. If you had a factory in 1900 and you're going out of business because your competitor is producing faster and cheaper than you, and your choice was to go out of business, go bankrupt and lose everything and be on the street or check out the new electricity thing, you would go and check out the new electricity thing. You had everything to gain, nothing to lose. And that's how paradigm shifts take place. And that's how innovation takes place throughout human history. Bitcoin is digital energy. People are afraid of fire until they realize that fire might be a good thing, or they're afraid of electricity until they realize electricity is a good thing. So we start by convincing ourselves. And then after that, educating the management team. And after that, educating the board of directors. And after that, educating the auditors and the accountants. And after that, educating the shareholders. And after that, progressively upgrading the company and evolving and finding new sets of shareholders. And so it really is an evolutionary process. It's like concentric circles of consensus. And each of them requires hours or tens of hours of contemplation and dialogue. How long did it take for you to convince yourself? Or like, was it a process of you learning about Bitcoin as well? I have a little hierarchy. I think everybody's born a skeptic. And so after the first hour, you're a skeptic and you think maybe it's too good to be true. Or the government will ban it or it'll get hacked or it's a gimmick. And then after 10 hours, you start to believe, oh, it's an asset. Maybe it's a good asset or a bad asset, but then you get upgraded from kind of skeptic to a trader. And you'll try like if it's cheap, I'll buy it. And if it's expensive, I'll sell it. But I'm just going to trade it. It's something like soybeans or like oil or like bushels of corn. At the hundred hour point, you think you become an investor. At that point, you think, wow, this is like Facebook for money, like a bank in cyberspace where people can put their money. Or I can send money from New York to Tokyo without an intermediary, or I can put money there and leave it there for 30 years. You know, I made a lot of money on Apple or I made a lot of money on Amazon or if you made money on Microsoft or Google. And if I said, hey, this is the big tech digital monetary network, it's just another big tech investment. After about 100 hours, you're like, OK, well, that sounds like a good idea. My my belief is I mean, the way I made money in big tech investments is I find something everybody needs. Nobody can stop. And most people don't understand. If you bought Amazon stock in 2010, it was everybody needs it. Nobody can stop it. But everybody disagreed with you. If you bought Amazon stock in 2020, everybody needed it. Everybody understood it. And everybody agreed with you. You see the difference. You don't want to buy it when everybody understands it and everybody agrees with you. You want to buy Apple in 2011 when everybody's going to need it and nobody can stop it. But most people think the iPhone is only going to be worth $60. So that's the investor idea. You get there about 100 hours and then in a thousand hours, we say you become a maximalist. At that point, you say, wait a minute, this is it's not a company. It's better than a big tech investment because it's not a security. You're not supporting Apple or Google. You're providing property rights to 8 billion people. You're providing freedom, integrity, property rights to 300 million companies. Every country, every person on the planet. You know, rich people in New York own buildings, but taxi cab drivers in Nigeria don't own buildings in New York City. If I had $137 in Nigeria, I can't even buy $137 worth of a New York building. So you can see the rich New Yorkers have an advantage over the working class in Africa. But with Bitcoin, if you buy $237 of Bitcoin in Nigeria, you have the same property rights as a billionaire in New York or London that buys a billion of Bitcoin. You're parapasso. You you're not a limited partner. You don't own a security. You own the actual property. If you went and you bought $10 million worth of real estate in Zambia, Central Africa, there's nothing that I'm going to do in the United States that's going to increase the value of your property in Zambia, Central Africa. But on the other hand, if you bought $10 million of Bitcoin in Zambia, Central Africa, then somebody in Singapore with the Bloomberg terminal who's trading $20 billion a weekend is driving up the value of your property in Zambia, Central Africa. So when you join the Bitcoin network, you're getting the you're getting the highest common denominator. The smartest, richest person anywhere in the world is working to make you wealthier. And when you buy a building, a warehouse in Alabama, or when you buy a building in rural China, that's the lowest common denominator. There's point oh one percent of the people in rural China that might do something that might make your building more valuable, but nobody else cares. And so when you get to a thousand hours, you think, wait a minute, this is this is an ethical imperative, right? This is an instrument of economic empowerment for everyone on Earth, every company on Earth, every country on Earth, every institution on Earth, every family on Earth. It is really a singularity because it's the first time in human history where you can convey actual property rights to an individual that that cannot be taken from them via force. And I think that's a profound idea. I love what you said. And if I want to buy an asset that lasts for generations, I would want to choose something that the government cannot print more of like Bitcoin. And although self-custody is great, there is this news that came out yesterday. An on-chain record shows that a wallet likely belonging to the US government was hacked for 20 mil. So what do you think the best way to store Bitcoin is? Yes, I want to keep it for generations. But with all the options I have right now, what's the best way to store it? I think there's no one best way. I think that the longer your time horizon, right, the more you want to keep your options open. Let's take the short end, right, which is if you're 75 years old and you've got a stock broker and you've got no one to help you and you can make a phone call to the stock broker and say, why don't you buy a Bitcoin in the form of an ETF from, you know, a big company like Fidelity or BlackRock? Or if you're in China, you would buy it through a Chinese provider in Hong Kong. If you're at that stage of your life and you're thinking, well, this will just go into my estate and it will pass through my trustees and attorneys to my children's children or something like that, you probably would do it with a form of wrapped custodial Bitcoin in the form of a security. If you were a company, a big company, mega corporation, and you have a lot of rules about what you can do and can't do. If you're a regulated corporation, you would probably want to buy the Bitcoin, not the ETF. You would prefer the commodity, the property, and then you would very carefully choose a regulated custodian. If you're in China, you need a Chinese one. If you're in Australia, maybe that. If you're in Europe, you might use that. If you're in Argentina or Korea, right, you'll probably use a custodian acceptable to your regulator. But you would own the underlying Bitcoin because you want the option to change custodians. You never know. Or you might want the option to take self-custody into your own company if you build up that self-custody. Right. If you are an individual, if you live in an unstable country, if you live in a country where the currency is collapsing or the banks are untrustworthy or the government is unstable, then you probably want to own the Bitcoin. You either want to own it through a offshore entity outside of your country, like a lot of people in certain countries will actually do business with another another custodian or exchange outside of their country. Or you want to self-custody. If you're in a complete chaotic situation where you can't really trust anybody, then you would self-custody. Self-custody is better for someone who's capable and willing to do it. There are certain individuals that can't. And there are certain corporations where, like if you said to your staff, let's do it, the staff would all quit. So I think it depends upon the entity. Is it an individual? Is it a family? Is it a church? By the way, is it a union? Is it an association or cooperative? Or is it the city, the mayor? Or is it the state or is it the government or is it a bank? If you're a bank, you're definitely going to self-custody because that's what banks should do. Right. But so it depends on the type of entity. And then it depends upon the nexus. Like, are you in a war zone? Are you in a stable country? And by the way, it also depends on your time horizon. If you want to give this to your granddaughter and you think your granddaughter might live in a country other than the country you're in right now, then probably you want to have a situation where where they have total control over it and you self-custody over the long term. But but I don't think you can really tell people exactly how to do it. Some people can't. They're they have Parkinson's. They can't even read the keyboard. Yeah. So they're not going to self-custody because they technically can't. And then sometimes it's held in trust for a person that's not even born. If you represent the firemen's union of eight hundred thousand firemen, maybe the eight hundred thousand firemen don't want you or you and two other people in the office to keep all their money. Right. They might think it should be with a regulated custodian. So it really depends upon circumstances and time horizon. But as a general rule, you want to keep your options open. If I boil down everything you learn in business school to one sentence, it's keep your options open. And so the way you keep your options open is you own the Bitcoin itself and you know how to self-custody and you know how to change custodians. And then you very carefully consider that if you have the means. There are some really impressive numbers. So the past year Bitcoin has gone up 97 percent TSM, Taiwan semiconductor, 116 percent and Nvidia, 222 percent MicroStrategy, four hundred and fifty five percent. So we want to talk about Bitcoin and MicroStrategy. Ninety seven percent versus four hundred and fifty five percent. How should investors look at this? And what is the rationale behind MicroStrategy stock trading at a premium compared to the underlying asset? It's like the difference between investing in a barrel of oil or oil and investing in an oil company. If the oil company has a billion dollars of oil, then it's definitely worth a billion dollars. But if the oil company has a refinery that produces kerosene and gasoline and and toluene and twenty seven different, you know, petrochemical products. And if there are customers that want to buy those petrochemical products, then the oil company is worth the sum of its oil reserves and its its oil refinery. So MicroStrategy, it's a Bitcoin treasury company. It's a it's a Bitcoin company. It owns 17 billion dollars worth of Bitcoin. So that's worth something. But the other thing that MicroStrategy does, which is not very well understood, is MicroStrategy securitizes the Bitcoin. So MicroStrategy creates a security or a family of securities that appeal to capital markets, investors that don't want to own crude capital. They don't want to own raw Bitcoin. For example, if I wanted to own the raw Bitcoin, a mainstream traditional financial investor, I would probably buy iBit or FBTC, basically the spot ETFs. And that's basically just like, you know, a barrel of Bitcoin and a wrapper. But if you wanted high performance, right, you don't put raw crude oil in your jet engine. You put kerosene. Because if you put crude oil in the jet engine, the plane doesn't fly. The engine blows up. You don't put crude oil in a car. You put gasoline because otherwise the engine clogs. Right. So cars and jets don't operate on crude oil. And and if you look at the capital markets, a lot of investors, they don't want one X performance. They want one point five X leverage. So MicroStrategy actually levers up its Bitcoin more like one point five X. And so Bitcoin performs 50 percent ARR. We generate 75 to 80 percent ARR. At a Bitcoin is 50 volatility. We're 70 or 80 or 90 volatility. So high volatility, high performance Bitcoin is an interesting thing. If you're a Bitcoin maximalist, what do you want? Do you want 100 percent Bitcoin or 150 percent Bitcoin? If you believe Bitcoin is going up and not down, you want 150 percent Bitcoin. Well, what if you think it's going down? Well, those people don't buy our stock. It's like, well, what if you think wood is better than kerosene for your jet? Well, I mean, the people that fly the jets want kerosene. They don't want wood. I mean, they want to fly fast. So what you have in the capital markets is one group of people that want high performance Bitcoin. Then there's another group of people. They don't want one and a half times Bitcoin. They want three X Bitcoin. So there are actually some derivatives called MSTU and MSTX. They are actually two times micro strategy. And so there are two X micro strategy that makes them three X Bitcoin. Those two ETFs, they they gathered one point one billion in capital in a couple of weeks. So billion dollars of money is in. Well, if you like Bitcoin, don't you like three X Bitcoin? Yes. Right. It's like I don't want to go in first gear. I want to go in third gear. There there are some people that want to go very fast. Then there's the 10 X the the traders. What if you wanted 10 X leverage and you don't want it for 10 years? You want 10 X leverage for the next 12 weeks when you go by a call option on micro strategy. So micro strategies options market is more than 40 billion dollars of open interest. So you see on one side, you've got just straight call it normal voltage Bitcoin. And then you've got higher voltage micro strategy and even higher voltage derivatives and then 10 X super high voltage, super high volatility above that spot. And then the way that micro strategy creates that leverage is we sell fixed income type instruments. We sell securities that offer lower voltage. What if you want half the return of Bitcoin, but five percent of the risk? How do I buy Bitcoin at the all time high, but not take any downside risk? How? OK, you buy a convertible bond from micro strategy. Like four weeks ago, we sold a convertible bond for a billion dollars. I think the stock was 140 and the bond was struck at one eighty five or something. And so what that meant was you're going to get your principal protected. And if the stock is below one eighty five, when the bond expires, you get all your money back. And if the stock goes above one eighty five, you get all the upside in the stock. OK, so that bond is trading one forty five, one fifty. So the bond is up 45 percent in four weeks, Bonnie. Forty five percent in a month. Right. So think about the ARR. So what did you have? You had all of the upside. Well, you had you had upside, but then you had downside. Now, how do you create that? Well, you have to put that bond senior in a capital structure of Bitcoin. Right. The only way to create a Bitcoin convertible bond is say I have 20 billion dollars of capital, or in this case, 16 billion of Bitcoin. Well, then the bottom four billion can be over collateralized four to one in Bitcoin and over collateralized ten to one in market cap. So you're actually buying a bond, which is four to ten times over collateralized. That's how you as an investor get the security. You'll get your principal back. But now you want the upside. So, for example, if if my company had 12 billion in cash and treasury bills and four billion in Bitcoin and convertible bonds, you wouldn't be getting the upside because the 12 billion in treasury bills isn't going to double when Bitcoin double. You can't create the security that gives you half the upside, but five percent of the downside, unless the collateral that you use is Bitcoin. So you need to be 100 percent Bitcoin. And so MicroStrategy's treasury operation is we hold 100 percent Bitcoin, which means our equity trades 150 percent of all of Bitcoin and 150 percent performance of Bitcoin. And that means that when we actually sell you the convertible bond, we give you over collateralized protection on the downside and partial participation on the upside. There was a point a few weeks ago where you could get like 90 percent of the upside of MicroStrategy, 10 percent of the downside by buying the bond. And I would scratch my head. I'm like, well, why wouldn't everybody buy that bond? Because why would you want 100 percent of the upside and 100 percent of the downside when you could just lever the bond at one point one and have 100 percent of the upside and 11 percent of the downside? Right. And so so these are all unique securities. MicroStrategy, in essence, we can issue fixed income securities that tap into the market that wants yield. You either give you a bit better yield with better credit or we give you better conversion rights and upside. And when we do that, we create leverage on the equity and that creates leverage for these derivatives and that creates leverage for the options market. And that creates trading right now. MicroStrategy is has super high liquidity. The other day we traded five billion dollars in equity in the day. So we're trading sometimes more than Apple or more than Amazon, but super volatility. And these other big companies, Bonnie, like they can have more money than us. But the trick is not to have 50 billion dollars in treasury bills because treasuries have a vol of five and bitcoins have all of 50. You have to have the capital in high volatility Bitcoin form in order to drive the trading and drive the liquidity and drive the option value. And the option value and the volatility and the liquidity and the volatility is why we can borrow a billion dollars for 62 basis points. It's because the people that are loaning us the money want the volatility. But if we took the billion dollars, Bonnie, and if we bought treasury bills with it, if you sold an instrument that's backed by an 80 vol equity and you bought a five vol bond, then you would put the fire out. It's like spraying water on your bonfire. Or it's like another way to say it is some people are afraid of volatility, but volatility is, you know, is like a fire in the engine. And it's like saying your engine is running hot. Can you make the engine in the car not be hot? And I'm like, well, you know, if I could turn it off, but the car's not going to go anywhere. If you want to go fast, you need the engine to be hot. Right. So. Yeah. So what we've done is we put this Bitcoin engine volatility motor in the middle of our company. And that's what drives the value creation of the company. And that's the part that's not very well understood. Do you get nervous when Bitcoin price drops? No, because when it drops, it drops a lot. Well, yeah, you know, actually, the the fact that it's it's first of all, I know there's a difference between volatility and risk. Volatility is when things oscillate or when they when they move around a lot. Risk is when you expect it to go to zero. Right. So Bitcoin is volatile and it's volatile because it's useful. On Saturday night, if you needed to, if you wanted to sell a billion dollars of something with 10 times leverage, you could post 100 million of collateral, sell a billion of Bitcoin, and we would give you the billion. And then if you on Sunday morning, if you wanted to reverse the trade and buy back the billion, you could do that as well. And you could do that with 100 million dollars of collateral, even 50 million of collateral. So Bitcoin, the network is offering you extreme liquidity and extreme leverage at all times. If you think about the other assets like gold, if you wanted to sell a billion dollars of gold on Saturday night, you couldn't. If you wanted to sell a billion dollars of real estate and, you know, your hometown on Saturday night, you couldn't. If you wanted to borrow a billion dollars with 100 million of collateral, you couldn't. And so there isn't any leverage and there there's no credit. We'll call it credit. There's no credit and there's no liquidity in all these other markets. I mean, so the reason they're not volatile is they're not useful. Right. When they're panicked, when you think there's a missile crisis or a war or a disaster, you want to sell. That's the only thing you can sell. And then when you're exuberant and you want to buy, it's the only thing you can buy. So that volatility is like the heat in the middle of a turbine in a jet engine. It's like, don't put your hand in the jet engine. That would be stupid. Am I afraid of the fact that the jet engine screams when it spins up and the fact that it blows, you know, hot air out the back? It's like, I'm not afraid of it. I just recognize if I want to fly from New York to Tokyo, I'm going to need a jet engine on the airplane, because otherwise I'm not going to make it to my destination. And that volatility in Bitcoin, that is a manifestation of the energy, the financial energy in the system. And that's what drives superior performance. That's a great analogy. OK, so please correct me if I'm wrong. Convertible bondholders, they can choose to convert their bonds into shares of micro strategy later on. What happens when micro strategy has to start paying back the principal when the bonds reach maturity? Well, for example, right now, the first bond we issued was struck at at what would be about thirty nine dollars a share, you know, in today's term, and we blew past that. And we eventually just converted to equity when it was 350 percent of that. So so the people that bought that bond made billions and billions of dollars of capital gains and it became equity. All but like one of the bonds we've currently issued are already past their strike point. If they were to come due tomorrow, they would all just equitize. So for the most part, we expected all the bonds will just convert to equity. We don't expect to ever pay them back. One bond was struck at 140. Another bond was struck at 149. A third bond is struck at 180. That is crazy. You know, a fourth bond is struck at 200. I think there's one at 240. So when the stock goes above 240, they're all pretty much equity instruments with with varying degrees of downside protection. Right. And the truth is, the problem is not paying them back because they'll just equitize. And the reason I'll equitize, Bonnie, is because Bitcoin's been going up 50 percent a year. If you know, my long term forecast is Bitcoin goes up 29 percent a year on average over 21 years, but it's going up faster than that right now. I'm bearish. I'm like, well, maybe Bitcoin will only go up 20 percent a year. If you have an asset going up 21 percent a year, you're doubling every three years. So the duration of that debt is is like five years or so. You know, normally we issue six year bonds or something. So as long as the duration is like in the six year time frame, normally whatever you bought, you're going to double and double again. And it'll be volatile. But, you know, all the bonds are struck, you know, 40 percent premium. So normally in 24 months, they're all equitizing. And we've got a tapered set of strikes and a tapered duration, laddered duration. So we can always refinance or roll forward or equitize something. So the problem is not paying off the bonds. The bonds are just selling equity forward at a premium. The problem is the delevering. The problem is when they all equitize, we don't have enough leverage and we don't want to be not unlevered because if we're unlevered, then we start to approach the volatility of Bitcoin and the performance of Bitcoin. And our investors are Bitcoin maximalist. So what would you rather have a real estate company that borrows four billion dollars for one percent interest, you know, and has one billion in equity and and has five billion in investments or a real estate company that, you know, has five billion dollars in equity and no no leverage. You see, just about everybody would rather have the former rather than the latter because you're using someone else's free money in order to make an investment. If you think that real estate is going up more than one percent a year, then you want the former. If you think real estate is going down, you want the latter. But of course, nobody invests in a company that doesn't believe in the underlying strategy of the company. So ultimately, what we'll do is we'll just continue to to equitize those bonds as they come to and replace them with longer duration, more leveraged instruments of different types. And your ultimate goal is to increase Bitcoin per share. Is that correct? Yes. The number one goal of the company is to acquire more Bitcoin in an accretive fashion and accretive meaning in a way that increases Bitcoin per share for our shareholders. You can acquire Bitcoin in a dilutive fashion, but that would be stupid. Right. So so the way that we keep ourselves focused is we calculate the metric BTC yield. And BTC yield is the rate of increase in Bitcoin per share. So in a given year, if I say if I say, well, we added 50,000 Bitcoin and we generated a 18 percent BTC yield, that says we got a lot of Bitcoin, but we also increased the Bitcoin per share by 18 percent. So you as a shareholder were not diluted. You were actually accreted. You were benefited through the operation. If if I were to say, hey, we added a bunch of Bitcoin, but the BTC was minus 10 percent. Well, that was we did stupid things to get the Bitcoin. And even though it looks like we're bigger, you're actually poorer. We diluted the shares. Every company has an objective to grow and they have a metric assets under management or revenue or EBITDA. OK, but it's really the earnings per share. Right. It's it's the metric per share that matters. If you're diluting, then you're doing the wrong thing. So the beauty for us is BTC yield is a very simple metric. It's just it's our big our Bitcoin divided by our fully diluted share count, the rate of change of that. And we report that when we do major deals like, you know, we do a billion dollar deal and we'll report what was the yield on that. And we report at the end of each quarter. And we also provide forward guidance or targets for our shareholders, you know, in the future, so they know that we're going to continue to generate positive yield for them. Very hard for general public to come to these numbers. And thank you for explaining earlier. You said Bitcoin will go up 21 percent for the next 21 years. How high do you think the price of Bitcoin could go in the mid to long term? So let's say how many Bitcoin should someone aim to accumulate to live comfortably in the next 10 years, 20 years, 30 years? Well, my target, my base case, right, my expectation is Bitcoin will continue to grow as digital capital. It'll serve as a long term store of value for the world. Right now, it's point one percent of the world's assets. It's about one point four trillion dollars out of nine hundred trillion dollars. It's big in crypto economy, but it's fairly small in mainstream economy. I think the entire worldwide addressable market for store of value for for long term capital is about four hundred fifty trillion dollars. So one point four out of four hundred fifty trillion. And I expect Bitcoin will grow progressively to be seven percent of the assets of the world, not point one percent. And when it gets to seven percent, it'll be 13 million a coin. So 13 million. And that's over 21 years. So by the year 2045. And I think right now it's been growing for the last four years. It's been up about 50 percent a year. And it's gradually decelerating its growth rate because as it gets bigger and as it gets more more widely adopted and the law of large numbers kicks in, it should decelerate. If you look back over the last 100 years, the US dollar money supply expands about seven percent a year. So I'm just thinking it will continue for the next 20 or 30 years at that trend. And once you crank in that number and some assumptions about inflation and technology, the conclusion is all the other asset classes will grow plus or minus a few percent. Equity will grow a bit faster. Real estate about the same, perhaps gold slower. Bitcoin will grow faster because because it is demonetizing gold, demonetizing real estate, demonetizing certain equity indexes and demonetizing corporate bond portfolios. These are all things that wealthy people store their wealth in in order to just keep it. And so if you see Bitcoin is going 50 percent to 45 percent growth to 40 percent growth to 35 percent growth to 32 percent growth to 30 percent to 28 percent to 25 percent, at some point it's approaching the returns of the S&P index or equity indexes. And and they've been like 12 percent, you know, 10 to 12 percent. And so Bitcoin is moving toward that. Those companies are going to buy Bitcoin. And as they buy Bitcoin, they're going to actually merge. And so these two these two lines of what we'll call traditional capital, which is diversified equity portfolios and digital capital, which is what Bitcoin is, they're moving toward each other. The volatility of conventional corporations is the VIX. If you study the VIX and it's like 15, 16 and the volatility of Bitcoin is what we call devol. And you can it's like 55. The devol is moving toward the VIX. And when Bitcoin is a 200 trillion dollar asset class, you know, maybe the Bitcoin volatility is 20 and the VIX is 15. Bitcoin is always going to be a bit more volatile. It's always going to be performing a bit more. Because it's global, open 24-7 pure digital capital, and it's it strips away the risk factors of companies, corporations, and it strips away the risk factors of property, right, of real estate. And so that's why it's going to outperform. And I've explained why it's more volatile, because it's always going to be more tradable, more global. Some guy can can short it with 100x leverage in Singapore at midnight. That's illegal in New York to do with equity. So the point is, there are some things you can do with Bitcoin you'll never do with traditional assets. But when you crank all that in. And I did it in a model, it's called the Bitcoin 24 model. You can Google Bitcoin 24. And if you Google it, you'll find a link to GitHub and you can go download the Bitcoin 24 model and you can put in all your own assumptions for all these macroeconomic factors and all these technical factors. And you can run your own micro models for your family and your corporation in your country. So, you know, don't take my word for it. Try it out yourself. But if you download Bitcoin 24, or you look at my assumptions, my assumptions are basically, you know, those things. And the result that pops out is Bitcoin, you know, on average over the 21 years has an annualized rate of return of 29%. And that 29% just, it grows with volatility up to 13 million of Bitcoin. So you can, if you wanted to figure out how much will you have in 10 years, you could download the model and put in your assumptions and look at the 10 year point. Maybe you're more bearish. The bear case would be only 3 million a coin and the bull case is 49 million a coin. Everyone can have their own assumptions. But I, you know, I think if you want something simple, if you want to reduce through a simple sentence, I would say, if you're a young person, every Bitcoin you buy today is probably worth $13 million in US dollars in 21 years. So if you can get 5 Bitcoin, you would have 65 million. Now it won't buy as much in 21 years as it buys today, but it'll buy a lot. It'll buy, you know, it'll buy a lot. I mean, consumer products will, will appreciate it 2 or 3% a year, or they'll get cheaper because of technology. And on the other hand, Palm Beach real estate, if you want a beach house in the Hamptons or Palm Beach, or you want the best condo in the middle of the biggest city, that's going to go up 7%, you know, 6, 7%. So, you know, you, you kind of, you want to beat the 7% if you want to buy rich things, expensive things, you want to beat the 2% if you want to buy the cheap things. And I think Bitcoin kind of beats everything. So that's why it's a pretty good idea. Do you think Bitcoin is to keep the rich rich or to empower the poor? Because you see a lot of stories of, you know, people with really low paying jobs and they came across Bitcoin, all of a sudden they're this, you know, really rich kid living in Dubai. And people love these stories. I think Bitcoin, Bitcoin powers the future. So the answer is it's going to empower the 8 billion people on the planet and the working class to a greater degree than any other financial asset ever invented. There's no other asset that you can put on an Android phone and buy $40 a week worth of that gives you the same property rights as a mega billionaire. You have better property rights than, than the richest person on earth, than a Jeff Bezos or than an Elon Musk or Bill Gates. You have better performance than they have. And you can buy and sell it and it's liquid to you at all times. So, you know, there's nothing better than that. And on the other hand, the wealthy people that reject empowerment for everybody else, that they reject the crypto economy and they reject Bitcoin, they're going to get poor, right? They're going to be invested in 7, 8, 9%. The really conservative ones will get 7% return. The normal ones will get 10 to 12% return. The people that buy into Bitcoin are 29%. Right. So, so the rich will probably still say rich, but they will lose, they'll lose position, the smart money, the wealthy people that embrace the future, that embrace the digital economy, they'll get wealthier, but they will also boost the working class and the poor that get on that train with them. Right. They're basically all working together. Right. In a coalition. So I think, I think Bitcoin is going to drive the digital transformation of the capital markets. And that means that, you know, everybody that buys any security that's backed by Bitcoin is going to get better yield. They're going to get better upside. They're going to get better performance. So, so indirectly Bitcoin benefits pension funds, retirees. I think, you know, people that hold, hold, uh, stock or exposure to Bitcoin or micro strategy, 250 million people have something right now that's, that's, uh, exposed directly to Bitcoin and that will eventually spread to a billion. So everybody in the world benefits indirectly. It's like you've been, have been if it indirectly by owning any asset that has Bitcoin exposure, you benefit directly if you buy the Bitcoin. And then if you want to really make a lot of money, the way you make a lot of money, Bonnie is you take your podcast and you say we're going to be the Bitcoin podcast. And then you, uh, and the podcast is worth $2 million. I don't know what it's worth, but we're just gonna pick a number and indulge me. $10 million higher or lower. You, you tell me what, you know, 10 million, you want to go higher or lower? Let's do 10. Okay. 10 million. So the podcast is worth 10 million. So then you go to a, um, a venture capitalist that believes in Bitcoin and once part of the digital future, and you sell them 25% of the podcast as participating preferred stock and they give you two and a half, half, uh, actually they give you more or whatever three, what's the pre money valuation of 10, two and a half gives them 20%. So $3 million or something. They give you $3 million. You buy $3 million of Bitcoin with it. And now Bitcoin doubles every three years. And now you own 80%, you know, 80, 85, 75 to 80% of the upside and they get 25% of the upside and Bitcoin doubles every three years. And so in three years you have 6 million and another three years. Yeah. By the way, when you have 6 million in three years, your podcast is, uh, is probably going to be valued at 15 million. And now you raise another 5 million and you buy more Bitcoin and now you have about 10 million in Bitcoin and then it doubles and then you have 20 million. And sometime in about 10 years, you have about a 30 or 40 million in Bitcoin and it's going up 20% a year and you're making $10 million a year. And then you take your company public and then you raise $50 million and, or 20 million, $30 million, and then you have a hundred million dollars of Bitcoin. And then you're making 20 million a year and you've got three people working for the podcast and you've got a company, basically a hundred million dollar company, you've got 20 million, $30 million a year in earnings growing 30% or 20%, right? And then, you know, looking out 20 years, you're a billionaire. It's not bad, right? Yeah. So what's the idea? The idea there is aggressively levered long. So the thing that you can do is, you know, if you're a passive participant and it's 5% of your portfolio, you know, you get a hundred basis point more return. If you're a buyer and it's 50% of your assets, you're getting 20 to 30% return on your assets. If you're a private company and you've got, and you sweep all your cash flows into Bitcoin, then your profits will double or triple over what they would have been otherwise. If you can raise money, you're 10X and if you can go public, you're 100X. By the way, what I've described is not any different than how you get rich in the real estate business. If you're a real estate broker, I would say, well, you know, first you scrape together a million dollars and then you go borrow $9 million or you raise $5 million in equity and then you go borrow 20 million from the bank and you buy a $25 million building and it goes up 7% a year. The problem is it takes you 10 years for the building to double at 7%. So then you've got a $50 million building and then you borrow another 20 million from the bank and you buy another building and you get 200 million of real estate. And after about 20, 25 years, maybe you've made yourself a hundred, couple hundred million dollars with a combination of equity leverage and debt leverage, but you have to choose the right buildings and you have to wait. And the thing about Bitcoin is you don't have to choose the buildings and Bitcoin is moving faster and it's a simple idea. All you have to do is, is invest your equity, invest your debt, invest your cashflow in Bitcoin and don't sell the Bitcoin. Wow. Would you say that is what an average person could potentially do? Well, I think the average person has a hard time starting their own company. For the average person, my advice would be take the capital that you want to invest for more than four years. If your time horizon is more than four years, if you want to hold it for 10 years, if you want to give it to your children, take a portion of that money, long-term capital and buy Bitcoin with it. And if you're not sure how much to buy, you know, then allocate 10 or 20 hours to read the Bitcoin standard and study Bitcoin podcast by 10%, put 10% in or 15%. And then the more time you spend, the more allocation you can create. The maxis would put 80% in or something, but, but other people would only put 5% in, but for the average person, I would say study Bitcoin and decide what portion of your long-term capital you want to invest. For more talented people, they can start a company, the entrepreneurs start a company. And when you raise money for the company, instead of raising 2 million to pay your operating expenses, Bonnie raised 10 million and invest 8 million in Bitcoin and use the 2 million for your operating expenses. Then I would say if you're able to raise another round of capital, raise 20 million after that and put it all into Bitcoin. And if you're able to go public, by all means, go public, raise 40 million more, put Bitcoin on the balance sheet. Here's an important point. Conventional financial wisdom says that volatility is bad. You shouldn't take risk. Volatility equals risk. You shouldn't take risk. You shouldn't embrace volatility. You should be safe with your balance sheet and then you should risk your P&L. You should work really, really hard to make money in the operating business, but don't risk the balance sheet. That probably made sense 20, 30, 40 years ago. That made sense when you were growing up, when they wrote all the textbooks for Harvard B-School finance. That made sense because Bitcoin didn't exist and Bitcoin wasn't an institutional asset. But really, volatility isn't risk. Volatility is vitality. Or another way to look at it is it's like the RPM. If I spin an engine, maybe a Balsa wood kids propeller, and I spin it 90 RPM, it's just a kid's toy. And if I spin a five pound weight at 90 RPM, then it's a weapon. But if I take a 20 ton flywheel and I spend it at 90 RPM, it's a turbine. OK, so if you embrace Bitcoin and you embrace volatility and you put 20 million dollars of Bitcoin on your balance sheet and it's very volatile, you will make or lose more money on your balance sheet every day than you'll make in the podcasting business every year. So it'll be 365 times as volatile. But Bonnie, that will make you interesting. Interesting means I'll want to trade your stock. It means I will want to buy and sell your options. You know, the the basic principle of finance is if you have an interest in something, if you own it, you'll read about it and you'll want to buy and sell it. If you're not interesting, I don't care about you. The truth is, if everybody wakes up and they decide you're overvalued by 5% and people sell 100 million dollars of your stock tomorrow morning, then three days from now, they'll wake up and realize you're undervalued by 20 percent and they'll buy 200 million dollars of your stock that morning. And so the volatility drives the liquidity and that drives the optionality and that attracts capital. And that means that once you have high volatility and performance more than the S&P index, instead of being negatively polarized toward capital, are you repellent, Bonnie? Or are you attractive? Are you repelling money? Are you scaring it away? Or are you attracting it? When you're using U.S. Treasuries as your capital asset, you're negatively polarized toward capital and then you can't raise money. The cost of capital is 10 to 15 percent a year or more. When you actually flip the switch and you own BTC, you're positively polarized and you can raise infinite money because the more money you raise, the more profitable you get and your returns are always greater than the cost of capital. They're greater than the S&P index. So you can see if you're capable of creating a company and raising capital, I mean, you have to be very talented to run a company, then you have to be more talented to raise capital, then you have to be smart enough to flip the polarity on your balance sheet to Bitcoin. So it's high volatility, positive return capital, and then you will grow very rapidly. And you want me to give you an example of how rapidly? MicroStrategy had a market cap of a billion dollars four years ago and it had an enterprise value of 666 million and it had 500 million in cash. Dead money. We flipped the switch. We've raised nine and a half billion dollars, nine point seven five billion dollars technically in those 48 months. The enterprise value of the company went from six hundred million, six hundred and sixty six million to be precise, to fifty five billion. And of course, the stock went up by a factor of 17. It went from ten dollars a share. Well, it was nine dollars a share at the bottom of Covid and it's whatever it is today, two hundred and twenty. Or I haven't looked at the price, but it's two hundred and thirty five. I think you understand that the strategy is don't reject volatility, embrace volatility, don't negatively polarize your capital structure, positively polarize it. Think different, right? You know, most people don't want to think different. If you go and ask a hundred B-school professors, what should you do with the ten million dollars that you raise from the venture capitalists? They'll say, oh, be safe, invest it in short term treasury bills. Don't lose the money. It's the totally wrong thing to do because if you raise ten million and you invested in Bitcoin, even if the business fails, you will have 20 million, 40 million. You will have a hundred million dollar business growing 20 percent a year in ten years if the business fails, if you invest in Bitcoin. And so their advice is invest the 10 million and lose a million every single year guaranteed in shareholder value. And over ten years, burn it all. Right. Their advice is burn it all slowly for certain. And my advice is create a hundred million dollar bit. Think it through, Bonnie. It's a hundred million in ten years growing 20 percent. Which means it's 200 million in 14 years, which means it's 400 million. In 17 years, which means it's a it's a billion dollars in 21 years. You're a billion dollar business generating 200 million in income every year growing 20 percent in 21 years. And that's if that's if the P&L fails. So you see, what's really going on here is a revolution in thinking. Everybody thinks the balance sheet is a liability and I should take no risk on the balance sheet and I should try to invent new stuff on the P&L and work myself to death. But it's kind of like just saying, work yourself to death and beat all the competition and cut your cost and work harder. But by the way, invest your money poorly and lose it all for certain. And I'm just saying maybe that's not such a good idea. That was eye opening. It really hit home because Taiwan is built on top of a lot of small and medium manufacturing companies. And that is what they're doing right now. You know, you've got to be conservative and. You know, as manufacturing move to other countries, what are you going to do now? So thank you for that. Can I can I give you another metaphor? I mean, you're just describing zombie companies and, you know, out of the 50,000 publicly traded companies, 49,500 are probably zombie companies like that. They they've got a business. It's a good business. They make money, but they can't grow and they become uninteresting and they're trapped and they're staring at Nvidia and Google and Tesla. And they're looking at these big tech, trillion dollar companies are going to crush them to death. And it's like, how do you compete with Apple and Google and Microsoft and Nvidia and Tesla and Amazon? Right. That's the plight of most businesses, small, midsize, even big businesses. If I was in your board meeting, Bonnie, and you said, hey, we've got a great company in Taiwan and Taiwan and it's generating 500 million in revenue and it's like growing 2 percent a year, but we're worried, what should we do? And I was a brilliant investment banker. I would say, well, I think you need to do a transformational acquisition. You know, I'm I've found a company which is 250 million dollars and you have 250 million in cash or you can borrow 250 million. I found a 250 million dollar company and it's growing. 50 percent a year right now, but I think it's it's going to grow between 20 and 40 percent a year for the next 20 years, and it's a monopoly in its space and it's unstoppable and it's got this product that everybody needs. Nobody can stop. But you know what? All the other big tech companies, all the other investors, they've been ignoring it because they're just, you know, arrogant and ignorant or they don't really think they need it. And so I can sell it to you. And and, you know, eventually it'll be worth 10 billion dollars growing at, you know, 20 percent a year and it's going to 10 extra stock price and save your company and, you know, make your employees rich, make your shareholders rich. Would you like to buy that thing? And then the board will go, well, of course we want to buy that thing, but it's probably too expensive. Like, what do they want? Like 10 times revenue or 20 or 30 times revenue. We can't come up with 20 billion dollars to buy this thing or 10 billion. And so and I would say, well, you know, I'm a friend of the owner and he just wants to sell to you. He'll sell it to you for one times revenue. You want to buy a 250 million dollar company growing more than 20 percent a year for the next 20 years and you can buy it for one times revenue. And then you say, well, maybe it's going to be hard to integrate, right? I mean, do all the employees, are they are they arrogant and, you know, what's the catch? There must be a catch. Am I going to get sued? And I say, well, no, there's no employees. You know, there's no payroll. Well, do I have to put in more money? No, you don't put in more money. You know, like, well, it must be too good to be true. What is this thing? And I say, well, this thing is Bitcoin. It's like you can buy 250 million dollars of Bitcoin growing 20 to 40 percent a year at one times revenue, integrate it with your company. You know, well, what if I change my mind? Well, you can reverse the transaction and sell it. Wait a minute. This is the universal high tech, high growth merger partner. But, you know, will it be trapped in Taiwan? I want a global company that's selling to New York and Paris and London. Yeah. The people that buy Bitcoin live in New York and Paris and London. So you're telling me I get a global technology company. Well, it's actually better. There's no company. So Bitcoin is the universal merger partner to all these companies. If you want to globalize your business, increase the growth rate of your business, increase the appeal of your stock. It's not that hard. You just have to think different. Open your mind. Bonnie, I kind of feel like it's it's like 1900, a bunch of, you know, a bunch of people with factories in Taiwan. And they're like, well, you know, it's getting harder to manufacture stuff and costs are coming down. And I show up and I said, you know, I got this new thing called electricity. I think you ought to. Yeah, but I heard my friend, he put electricity in his house and his house burned down. Or I have another friend. I read a story that someone touched it and it shocked them. Yeah, I mean, there are some houses that burned down and some people did get shocked. But, you know, I can't see it. I don't think it's real. No, trust me, it's real. I don't understand it. Well, I understand. But if you kind of rip out the steam engines and you rip out the water wheels and you actually put electric motors, I get a good idea. Why don't you actually create electric appliances? Why don't you actually put it in the products and the hairdryers and the washing machines, put it in your cars and you might even create a television with it or a radio. I don't understand. Yeah, I know you don't understand. That's why it's new. It's technology, you know. So you want to revitalize the business. I mean, Taiwan Semiconductor, it does something that nobody understood. Right. I mean, you need to actually do something new. And at some point, there's this point where you either going to have a fast death or slow death or take a risk. The problem with most companies is they're dying a slow death. It's like they're definitely going to become irrelevant over 30 years, but nobody wants to take a risk because they feel like it's better just to die slowly or go with a whimper instead of a bang. And of course, you know, my message to everybody in your country, and it's the same as my message to everybody in the world, we've harnessed digital energy. You know, once the world changed because of electromagnetic energy, John D. Rockefeller changed the world with chemical and liquid energy. The difference between us and the apes is fire. It's material energy. Right. If you want to catapult your nation or your company or your family, kids are freezing and starving to death. Try fire. Right. Bitcoin's digital energy. You can use it to revitalize your company or your products. Micro strategy has done both. Right. We put it on our balance sheet and now instead of 500 million of zero earning money, we have 17 billion going up 50% a year, but we also created a treasury operation, we create securities that feed the fixed income market and the options market, and that's, uh, that creates a huge amount of shareholder value. I I'd love to tell you, I understood all this four years ago. It's just like the first dude that like trips over fire and he's like fire. It's bright. Oh, it's hot. Ah, I can use it to cook food. Ah, I can also use it to clear the trees and burn down a hundred acres and farm. I can also use it to scare away the wild animals. I can also use it to sharpen the spear tip or to create things with, you know, and eventually you figure out how to use fire to create steel and we created skyscrapers, right? So nobody figured it out at the same time, but the point is you want to advance as the civilization, you got to embrace technology, you got to learn new things and you can't be afraid of them. You should be inspired by them. If you're in Taiwan, if you're in Africa, if you're in South America, because they don't have the ability to invest in American high tech or American property, you know, with the same property rights. If you go to Europe and you ask, ask the people that run tether, is there any demand for digital euros? They'll say no. 99% of the demand in Europe is for digital dollars. What's epiphany is the Europeans don't want euros. Nobody wants any currency other than the dollar. Nobody wants property other than the U S nobody wants companies other than primarily corporate, you know, big tech companies in the U S. So the U S is kind of the apex, you know, financial network in the world. And if you're outside the U S you don't have direct access, you're already a disadvantage. But the only way to upgrade that up is to basically move from U S network to Bitcoin network, which is an upgrade from the U S. So Bitcoin represents a chance for people outside the U S to not only access the best market, but to leapfrog it and access a market that's even better than the best market. And I have a lot of hope for them. Remember I said it's on a need to know basis. A lot of people in the U S are rich and kind of arrogant. They're comfortable and they don't feel like they need to know. But if you feel insecure, feel left out, then I have a need. And so you can tap into that need. And if you can kind of tap into that nerve, I mean, touch that nerve for people, whatever is the insecurity they have, and then you can attach Bitcoin as the solution to the problem. I mean, Bitcoin is like the universal solution, but the problem is a lot of people in the world, the rich, powerful don't know they have a problem. They're arrogant and they have too much power, too much money. So you got to find people that know they have a problem. Then you got to hand them the solution. And that's why somebody in Argentina or Nigeria, they get to sit before someone in the U S, but I think you're perfectly positioned to be the messenger. And so I wish you the best. And I'd like to be helpful. Wow. Honestly, Michael, thank you so much for being so generous with your time and the insight, because I came into this podcast or this recording, expecting a great conversation, but this is, I think, life changing. And if I go through with what you mentioned, I'm going to repeat this multiple times, I'll name the building. I buy the sailor building. You can name it the Satoshi building too. Right, right. Um, okay. So Toshi versus sailor building. And I honestly love to have you back sometime in the future to continue this amazing conversation. And I know you need to go and thank you so much. I'll look forward to the next time. And thank you, Bonnie, for having me.