 There is competition for currency. If your currency is only available in all banks, from Monday to Friday, they close at 4pm. No one wants to use your money. You can get your salary paid every day or every hour, rather than being paid at the end of the month. That's something which allows you to spend money, but that's also something which allows you to essentially get more efficient economy, more efficient mortgage. If DeFi is only about sending money quick, that's good, but that's not good enough. On privacy and CBDCs, I think people need to be honest. You don't have privacy today. If you're in crypto, chances are you found yourself thinking, why is DeFi so complicated? Well, if that resonates with you, then you're in the right place. In this video, we've got Charles, the CEO of DYDX Foundation, to explain what's going on with DeFi right now, and how you can easily stake on DYDX and start earning USDC stablecoin today. If you're in crypto for the long run, you will find this very valuable. How are you? Good morning. Good morning to you. You look great. You are the CEO of DYDX, and I think a lot of people wanna know what's your journey like? How did you become the CEO? I started my own business, and I'm the CEO of a company called DeFi. And I'm a CEO of DeFi because I'm a CEO of DeFi. What's your journey like? I started my own business. And I'm a CEO of DeFi because I'm a CEO of DeFi. And I'm a CEO of DeFi because I'm a CEO of DeFi. I started my kind of journey in crypto in 2011 when I discovered Bitcoin. Before discovering Bitcoin, I was deep into peer-to-peer file sharing. So I was very familiar with peer-to-peer computing overall. And then someone forwarded to me the Bitcoin white paper, which was mentioning peer-to-peer money. So I was thinking, oh, peer-to-peer something. I'm very excited. I want more of peer-to-peer. I realized that actually I was understanding the technical aspect of it, but I had to learn much more about money. I was using money every day, of course, but I was not understanding money that much. And that's really what Bitcoin brings me to study further. I actually bought my first Bitcoin on Taobao because at the time... No way. In 2011, there was only one exchange. It was Mong Kok in Japan. And it was very, very complicated. So one day I asked my wife, she was on Taobao doing some shopping. And I told her, do they have Bitcoin on Taobao? And she asked me, how do you spell? Let me check. We find some people selling Bitcoin. So I bought Bitcoin. The time that's the only way I found to get my first Bitcoin. So I sold my Bitcoin the same year. That's a mistake I just had to accept. It was a little bit wide for me. It was a big surprise. I got busy with my company, my business and my family. It was taking too much of my time. Plus the asset was extremely volatile. So I say, listen, focus on what you have to do today and forget this thing. So I sold everything the same year. Fast forward, I worked for the Hong Kong government. Was head of FinTech for the Hong Kong government, helping of kind of building the FinTech financial technology ecosystem in Hong Kong. At the time I built a team of 10 people with offices in Beijing, in Hong Kong, obviously, in London, in San Francisco. The most promising FinTech companies from the world to Hong Kong, to use Hong Kong as a stepping stone for expanding in Asia. In this context, I met a company called ConsenSys. ConsenSys is a company behind Metamask. And fast forward, I eventually joined ConsenSys to create the ConsenSys Hong Kong office. And later I was in charge of Asia for ConsenSys, working with the Metamask team, working with Infira. I built a lot of CBDCs, central bank, central currencies. My team at the time was actively building six different projects for central banks, from Australia to Hong Kong to Abu Dhabi and Korea. We had a lot of fun talking about, obviously, blockchain and crypto, but deep diving into the infrastructure. And I joined DYDX about one year and a half ago. I wanted to kind of evolve in my next job into something new. I spent a lot of time in the space already. I learned a lot and I want to learn more. The proposition of DYDX was very interesting for me. So I spent a lot of time on Bitcoin. I guess I understand Bitcoin. I was working for ConsenSys, one of the largest blockchain engineering companies in the world with a focus on Ethereum. So I understand Ethereum as well. But when the opportunity of DYDX came up, it was very interesting for me to get my hands on the app chain narrative, the application chains. When a project is large enough to build its own chain. So that was one aspect of it. Exploring the stack of Cosmos, the Cosmos SDK, and how is this kind of very strong candidate for being the leader in technology as well is evolving and learning by building. That's something which I think works very well for me. And working on DeFi, moving my kind of experience up the stack at the application level. And DeFi is a very well-established use case, right? Wow, that's crazy, right? You've done literally everything. Let's say before crypto, you were in fintech. There has to be something about DeFi that is very appealing to you. What is it? Why DeFi? DeFi means access. Getting access to a mobile phone wallet, getting access to a credit card is normal and it's not a luxury anymore. But the reality is the world is rich of 7 billion people and many of them don't have access to that yet. So for me, DeFi is access. The same way the internet gave access globally to knowledge and allows us to learn, to communicate. In money, we still have like kind of silos. There's a Eurozone, the people in Europe with enough money, there is the Chinese space, there is some other parts. It's still very much siloed, right? DeFi means access. DeFi means efficiency. If you have the chance to travel a little bit or do some international business, you quickly realize that the financial system is highly inefficient and I still cannot believe why, when I send money across the world with my bank, it takes two, three days. They always have an explanation for me, but to be honest with you, this explanation is not good enough. We have the technology available today and it's still legacy system. And behind that, there is this concept in DeFi of composability and that's where I'm very excited also about DeFi is. And we see that with many projects. If you're deep in crypto, it's every day, but I think the opportunity of DeFi is really bringing this innovation to the masses. To come back to composability, essentially in the world of smart contracts and permissionless blockchains, start to build some products on the top of someone else without having to give away all your power or your profits or anything like this to them. It's really like some kind of money legal, you know? This aspect, it's really opens the opportunities, opens the space for innovation as well. So access, efficiency and innovation, this is what DeFi means for me. Of course, we are still in the early days of DeFi, still very speculative. It's still very looking at crypto assets only, but we see that changing. We see stable coins coming in, we see real world assets slowly coming in. We see the audience growing also. So I think the early adopters of DeFi are very early adopters, but since when the mass expands, it comes with different people using DeFi for different things. In terms of timeline, I think we need to be realistic, not going through too much wishful thinking. DeFi is growing, it's growing fast, because there is no reason for it to be mass market before five to 10 years. So that's your timeline, five to 10 years? Five to 10 years. If you look at the speed of adoption of the internet, it took almost 10 years, right? Some parts of the world went very, very fast, some others took more time. So I think we will see part of the world and probably Asia going on DeFi much faster than other places. The financial system is kind of okay today, or is good enough for some people. They don't have the excitement that we have to use this kind of innovation. So if I speak to my wife, she's fantastic, but she's happy with her debit card and mobile wallet. And you need to bring something really unique. You can convince people using the current system to move to DeFi. I mean, there is plenty of people and very talented people working on DeFi innovation, where we should be looking for ideas in blockchain and ideas which resonates with users is simply by looking at FinTech. The FinTech industry has been active on refreshing the money systems for many years and very successfully, specifically in Asia. I think FinTech means something in Asia. FinTech in Europe or in the US is very deceptive. I might have a bias, I spend much time in Asia, but I think in Asia, there is like clearly very strong FinTech and very strong propositions. I think for us in crypto, we should be looking at what has been working well in FinTech and trying to pick those winners and kind of improve them further with crypto. That's probably the fastest path to find product market fit and accelerate the growth of the user base of crypto and DeFi. So people say this DeFi thing eventually take over the traditional finance because it's not efficient enough. What's your take on this? I think it will, we will not realize it. If DeFi was to have a strategy, we should do it very quietly and very humbly to make sure that the people get to use DeFi, but in a very smooth way. The reality most people don't want to have one more wallet. Most people don't want to deal with private keys. DeFi is still a complex process today. What I hope is to see DeFi happening very quietly, but everywhere essentially. And how it can come, if you look at the agenda of central banks today, I can safely say a hundred percent of the central banks in the world, if not 99%, are working on CBDCs, central bank digital currencies. What they're doing is essentially they're putting the central bank money on blockchain in order to move it faster and to be cross border and to make sure that currency remain competitive. There is competitions for currency. If your currency is only available in all banks from Monday to Friday, they close at 4 p.m. No one wants to use your money because your money is not practical. It's strategic and urgent for central banks to essentially make sure people want to use their money otherwise the currency will lose traction, right? So my point being central banks are building on blockchain for the most part. So I think we will start to see some projects using components of DeFi for CBDCs and DeFi will come in the life of people in multiple ways. One illustration of that is a central bank project in Hong Kong, the Innovation Hub from the BIS and the HKMA and some others. Essentially, they, and PBOC China actually. So I was working on this project some time ago. What is interesting is they essentially build a blockchain infrastructure under their own terms, but that's already a great path forward. And then they pick some smart contract concepts of swapping, for example, CBDCs against one another. So DeFi is coming, definitely. It's gonna take more time than people expect. I don't think people will all be using USDC. They will be using also the domestic central bank tokens. Will they mix together? I don't know, but I think this kind of innovation which will happen on the background will definitely come. And people might come into DeFi via video games. In Asia, there is a big industry of video games. So people might first get like some NFTs or some digital assets for video games and soon realize, oh, I can put money on it also. And I can put this money to work. I can do some lending. I can do different activities. And this kind of path to customer acquisition is also interesting. If you can get your salary paid every day or every hour rather than being paid at the end of the month, that's something which allows you to spend money. But that's also something which allows you to essentially get more efficient economy, more efficient mortgage. Today, it's very kind of binary. You work 30 days, you get paid. But if you look at FinTech, you can get essentially the promise of your salary at the end of the month or maybe the promise of your salary every day being sold to a bank or being sold to a smart contract system to optimize the kind of capital use and make it more efficient. So this is kind of very new things we bring people in. If DeFi is only about sending money quick, that's good. But that's not good enough. People will not change app on their phone for that. Money is already fairly quick. But if you can make some valuable positions which are very strong, you're gonna be paid every day, not at the end of the month anymore. And maybe you can use your salary smart contract to get a better mortgage, for example, or to get the money in advance. That's something which has very strong capital use features which brings something very new. That is very interesting because I was gonna ask you, how do you actually attract more people into DeFi? And I think you just answered a question is maybe not label it as DeFi so people think it's, oh, it's so hard. It's more like how can they actually use it in their daily lives and make it better? We need to be patient. DeFi is part of web three. And if you look at the ways the internet grew over the years, it took a long time. And the internet at the beginning, I was, I'm 46 years old. So I use the internet in the very, very early days with phone lines and very slow speed and all these things. DeFi is the internet tech time for the technology to improve, for the user experience to improve as well. I think what many people should be doing is simplifying the UX by an order of magnitude and trying to really make clear with themselves, is my product for the DGENs or is my product hoping to go mainstream? I think that's what, for example, Uniswap is doing very well. If you go on Uniswap, it's very simple. You have some tokens, we want to sell it here, is a price click here. If you go on some other exchanges, they give you all kinds of order types, all kinds of leverage as the screen is full of buttons. It's for a very specific type of users, right? And VYDX is a very good example, but you need to be clear, honest, and opinionated about who are you targeting and what do they want exactly. After you get this kind of clarity in your mind about your target audience, it's way easier to make things really dedicated to that. Can I ask you a question on CBDC? So I've heard a lot of different mixed opinions on CBDC. Some people think, you know, it's governments growing more control on the people. And what's your take on this whole CBDC situation? It's very much a polarizing topic indeed. My take is CBDCs are necessary for economies. CBDCs are necessary for many countries and currencies. If you're paid today in a currency which is not modern enough, your currency will depreciate. This is just the forces of the market. On privacy and CBDCs, I think people need to be honest. You don't have privacy today. If you're using a mobile phone wallet, if you're using a credit card, at any point in time, if you are misbehaving, any police department in any countries can give a call to the bank or the credit card issuer and saying, oh, please, can we get the details of Charles' latest transactions because it's kind of suspicious. So there is no privacy today already. So don't worry more. I think you have to be honest about that. And it's just going to make also things more efficient by having a better money experience and bringing maybe bits and pieces of DeFi innovation. So I'm excited about CBDCs. I hope the CBDCs will be sitting on permissionless blockchain. CBDCs will first live on private blockchains. So private blockchains will essentially enable banks and banks will get some kind of private blockchain between the banks. Central banks have to protect also the banks, right? Banks are important. Banks are doing a job. So I think the next step of CBDCs is faster adoptions and usage at the wholesale level between banks. And later, I hope CBDCs will come into permissionless chain, meaning I can really move my money everywhere without having the latency, the unknown benefit of using a bank in the middle, unless a bank really brings some serious advantages. It's a hard mission for central banks. So they need to organize the technologies. They need to convince the commercial banks and within their country to be part of the project, have them excited and making sure that the commercial banks are implementing it. Many people don't realize, but many projects at central banks are not successful. And CBDCs is strategic for the central banks. So they really want this CBDCs project to be successful. But when you speak to a bank, which is making money through inefficiencies, when you speak to a bank, which is sometimes 300,000 employees, which is a very old and slow moving organization, it's not an easy job. I'm excited about CBDCs. I think privacy is something of concern, but people should not be naive about it. And privacy as in many countries, there is already privacy laws and CBDCs will need to follow these existing laws of privacy. And then it's gonna bring just more efficient and more fair ecosystem by building a better infrastructure in a FinTech ecosystem. So when central banks build CBDCs and they build an open system, they give fair chances between banks and FinTech startup. If you have the right infrastructure, the financial infrastructure on which everyone can come and plug in. It's not happening in many countries. One very good example of this fair and highly competitive financial ecosystem is India. India has been implementing UPI, which is essentially a payment API at very large scale. So a bank and a startup can compete with the same tools. Wow. And CBDCs can be in this kind of era where central banks by technology bring fairness to the market. Why many financial systems are not innovative anymore because they belong to 25, 50 banks and these banks are slow and they don't have any advantages in bringing innovation. But one way for central banks to kind of check their ecosystem is bringing technology for fair access. And then a small company can provide similar service to a big company. And then you bring competition again. And competition is good for users, for pricing, for everyone. I love that. And I feel like all these different industries and different experiences you have has given your current company, DYDX, a fresh breeze. What does DYDX do? DYDX is a DeFi project started in 2018 by Antonio Giuliano, which is a former Convase engineer. And DYDX is today the world's largest decentralized exchange protocol for crypto derivatives. So let me unpack that because there is a lot of complex words here. So in the world of crypto trading, there is two different types of venues where people can buy and sell or express their opinion on the market. You can go to a centralized exchange like Binance, Convase and many others. Or you can go to a decentralized exchange like Uniswap, DYDX and many others as well. Centralized exchanges belong to one company as they are sitting in one database only and they organize the trading. They're kind of very similar to a traditional bank to be honest. And then decentralized exchanges are essentially very lean organization. Smart contracts are managing all the different flow within those exchanges. So DYDX is a decentralized exchange. It sits on a blockchain. That's one thing. The second thing is in crypto and in general market overall, people have the opportunity when they can and when they decide to. You can either trade at spot. So you can buy the real asset, you can trade spot Ethereum, you can trade spot Bitcoin and receive a Bitcoin or receive an ETH and put it into your wallet. That's spot trading. And then there is another part of finance, which what we call derivative. And derivative allows you to express your opinion in very different way. Rather than just buying as the asset, you can express your opinion and essentially taking some kind of bet as saying, okay, I believe that Bitcoin will keep growing in value over the next hours, days, months, and then take a bet on this with some leverage and being bullish or bearish on one asset. And the reality is that the derivative on futures market are 10 times bigger than spot market. So every time there is a Bitcoin which is exchanged on centralized exchanges as a spot, there is 10 times more Bitcoin being exchanged in the derivative market. So, DYDX is a decentralized exchange focusing on derivative and we are the number one globally. We are bigger than Uniswap. It's a project which is led by the community, by some companies. It's a decentralized open source DeFi protocol focusing on crypto derivative. Like you said, you guys are the biggest and you have the biggest market share on DeFi derivative. What do you think you did right? And what led to this kind of success? That's a great question. DYDX started its history on Ethereum and then was one of the very early adopter of layer twos. Layer twos are all over the place today, but DYDX kind of migrated to layer two very early on. So I think what DYDX did well was always to assess the technology available in our space and being blockchain agnostic. If the community decide to change the underlying blockchain technology, that's perfectly fine. So Ethereum went from Ethereum to layer two and now the DYDX has its own blockchain, the DYDX chain. So I think what DYDX did well over time was to be kind of technology agnostic and product first. Very simple, but very efficient. The second thing DYDX has been doing well is extreme focus. DYDX only works on derivatives. This is where the attention of everyone is to a derivative period, nothing else. No spot, no options, no NFTs, no whatever is under the sun. We see many projects having sometimes a slow start and starting to diversify. DYDX had a good start, but I think the response was very good because the focus was extremely clear. So being agnostic in technology, being laser focused on one use case only was the focus. And that's what DYDX has been delivering. And now that the DYDX ecosystem has moved to the DYDX chain, it really enables a lot of the technology and kind of shared innovation to be happening. So we see that through the DYDX governance where people and the users of the protocol can decide on new listings. They can use different voting and governance mechanism to upgrade the protocol as a group in a very decentralized manner. I was talking to this very important person from your team, Hisashi, and he said, you are aiming to list 500 tokens on DYDX by the end of this year. This is the beauty of DYDX also. It's extremely decentralized now. And the decisions and the focus and the strategy is defined by the community. So essentially the community can launch new market just by voting on them. And the software has been made in a way that anything that has a healthy price feed can potentially be listed. So we expect in the coming weeks a lot of different governance votes. We see conversations on the forum, dydx.forum, of people asking and kind of preparing listings of new assets. So that's a very exciting part. More trading pairs. And also I think one piece of technology which is coming for the DYDX ecosystem and many different groups are working on this topic is what we call the permissionless market. So permissionless market means that the users of DYDX can list new markets in a permissionless way. And that's a very strong proposition also. There is no Lord, there is no master. The master is essentially the governance and the users. And when you give the right tools and when you define the good risk framework as well as liquidity framework, you can really have a very interesting new marketplace where the pace of new listings is faster. The pace of delisting is also efficient to make sure that you don't keep some markets which are not healthy anymore. More crypto native assets, that's for sure. But we can think of new type of assets such as indexes, for example, of crypto assets, carbon credits or other commodities. Think of all the commodities which are traded today in the Chicago Stock Exchange. Think of cacao, sugar, corn, and so on. This is a marketplace which is kind of a closed door marketplace. You need to be qualified in a certain type of company to be able to trade. Bringing the access to the world, to this kind of trading, if that's possible and compliant, I think that's a very strong and new proposition. You guys launched a chain of your own last year in October. And for the first time, DYDX is fully decentralized. What does that mean for the general user? For example, if I'm a user of a DEX, what I care about is if it's easy to use, if it's liquid. What does this decentralized mean for me? What it means, so maybe just to give some background, I'll be a bit technical here, but hopefully this is useful and understandable. As a version three of DYDX, which was sitting on Ethereum, Mainnet and Ethereum layer twos don't have the throughput and the capacity to host on-chain an order book. The order book is where the buy orders and the sell orders match and the price gets discovered essentially. On the Ethereum version of DYDX, the order book was always hosted off-chain on an AWS server. On the new DYDX, sitting on DYDX chain is fully decentralized now. So the order book is not into a private server anymore. The order book is now essentially hosted by the validators in their memory. So what it means for you is you don't have any last question mark on the transparency of the marketplace. You don't have any questions on, is my order really matched the right way? Is someone trading against me? It was not happening before, but the point is now it's obvious and it's visible for everyone. If you go, for example, trading on Coinbase or Binance or Wabi or whatever centralized exchanges, you might have the question, what's happening exactly at the exchange? If I want to buy at $1, is someone buying before me? There is no way you will know. It's a black box. I'm not saying they're doing anything wrong, but I'm saying we don't know. We cannot see that. With the evolution of DYDX today as a DeFi user, it means that you can totally get an understanding of the marketplace. It brings some value for different types of users. So for the general users of DYDX, they know that the marketplace is actually very healthy and totally transparent now. From A to Z, you see everything. That's really exciting. Number two kind of benefit is more for the edge funds, institutionals, market makers, or what we call prosumers, users with a strong experience and very kind of complex and mature way of trading. They get to understand the marketplace. Many of them are using bots. Many of them are using AI or machine learning to understand the market and trade on the market at high frequency and with very complex type of strategies. When you get to understand the marketplace, when you get to understand the order book, you can design much more efficient and creative ways of expressing your opinion on the market, i.e. trading. It's not possible if you are building an algorithm trading in front of a black box. It's like you're trying to guess with your eyes not seeing anything. Covered, yeah. So it's really very interesting. The users get a more fair marketplace and more visible marketplace. And the power users get also a new world where they can really deep dive into the market. So the proposition of the YDX is very strong. This is why we see the growth we are seeing today. More than 20 billion of trading volumes on the protocol since the launch of the YDX. Is this aspect of transparency and kind of new experience? For the normal user in terms of UI and UX, more or less the same, honestly, no big change. That's a very big talent of the YDX engineers is they are able to bring you very groundbreaking innovation without disturbing your kind of experience, just improving it. Can you tell us what validators or stakers are? Because I know that your trading fee actually goes to them instead of going to the exchange. The YDX chain is run by 60 different validators. It's an application chain. Essentially, when these validators kind of make this running, as they enable the YDX exchange and the YDX protocol itself. These validators receive the YDX tokens from stakers. So you and me and anyone can essentially decide to bring the YDX token and stake them to validators. These validators have two missions, verifying the chain and minting new blocks. So that's a very classic kind of mission for validators. And the number two mission for validators is to essentially host the order book and update the order book so that the order book is distributed and efficient. As a staker, you can stake with using your ledger hardware wallet, for example, and directly stake in a pure DeFi way, your tokens to a validator. And as you mentioned earlier, one of the big innovation of the YDX is that community decided via governance vote to redistribute 100% of the fees collected by the exchange to validators and stakers. So today, when you stake your YDX on the YDX chain, you get rewarded in USDC, not in the YDX tokens, in USDC. And where are these USDC coming from? It comes from the users of the YDX exchange. So when you trade on the YDX, you pay trading fees and these trading fees are paid in USDC. And 100% of the fees paid by the users are going directly to the stakers via the validators. So how do we operate the staking? The YDX staking is divided into 7 steps. First, you buy the YDX currency at the exchange and transfer the currency to the Ethereum blockchain. But remember that Charles said that the YDX made its own blockchain, right? So we have to transfer the YDX currency from the Ethereum blockchain to the YDX chain. Then we can stake. The reason why the staking is so popular is because the reward you get in the end will be the USDC stable currency. And you can always get a raise. It seems complicated, but you can basically get it once you listen to it. I went to the OKX exchange first and bought the YDX staker. You can also get the Biggit and the decentralized exchange, and the Osmosis. You can also get the Osmosis. You can copy the small fox Metamask wallet to the Ethereum blockchain wallet. Note that the top left corner is the Ethereum mainnet. Then you go back to the OKX exchange and paste the YDX page. Paste the just copied Metamask and the Ethereum wallet address to confirm the raise. Back to the small fox Metamask wallet. At this time, the YDX may not appear yet. Check the top left corner and still the Ethereum mainnet. You can see the import token input currency. Here you will see the just entered the DYDX successfully appear in the small fox Metamask wallet. The next step may need some Ethereum to be the transaction fee. If your small fox Metamask wallet does not have Ethereum, then it is the same as the step just turned the DYDX. Now OKX buy this Ethereum ETH to transfer to the transaction fee. You can buy it for about 10 dollars or less. Then we have to put the small fox Ethereum wallet inside the DYDX to the DYDX chain. Come to bridge.dydx.trade. I will paste this link in the information column. Be sure to confirm it is the right prince. Connect the small fox Metamask wallet. Here you will see the number of ETH DYDX. That is to say, the number of DYDX tokens on the Ethereum chain. I want to transfer these tokens to the DYDX blockchain. After confirming, you will see sending in progress. This step may need to wait for one or two days. Few moments later. After the DYDX tokens are transferred to the DYDX blockchain, ready to direct. At this time, I will use the Kevlar wallet. I will put the link in the information column. After downloading, the Kevlar wallet will appear on the expansion on the Google Chrome right. We want to import an existing wallet. Input the existing wallet. You can connect the hardware wallet here. Connect the wallet. So you can use the Ledger wallet to direct. This is safer. If you have a larger amount of money or want to be more secure, if you want to buy a wallet, I will also put the largest brand of wallet, Ledger, in the link in the information column. For those who want to jump for a long time, you will still need a wallet. But now I will continue to demonstrate direct direct direct. I choose the use recovery phrase or private key. Use the original private key or restore short words. Choose 24 words. Back to the previous step bridge.dydx.trade. Click on the right and click Export Secret Phrase. Export Restore Short Words. This will remind you not to give this secret phrase to anyone. Otherwise, it may expose yourself to the risk. Don't share the restore short words with others. After copying and copying, come to Kevlar. After pasting, select Import Input. Then set a name. Click on the expansion Kevlar wallet on the Google Chrome right. Manage Profolio in Kevlar Dashboard. Go to Staking, I will see the dydx staking and my dydx currency. Click Stake Direct. Here I will see many different validators. I can choose to put my currency under several different validators. Note that the commission is the cash that the validator will collect. So choose not to collect too high these validators. I chose three different validators. Put my currency in. Click on the screen right now. You can see my USDC reward. Click on Claim and you can start to receive it. dydx is one of the few projects which is a profitable project. And the project profits is going to the stakers. So if you stake dydx on the dydx chain, you can get essentially a stream of USDCs which are the trading fees. I've never seen that before in crypto. Yeah, it is very very unique. This is a big difference with some staking experience in some other chains. So if you stake for example on any chain, for the most part you get paid with a token from the chain. Usually this token is high inflation. So you need to quickly either restake or sell it. On dydx you get paid in USDC. There is no urgency to sell it. Or you can use it in many many more ways. And that's a very exciting experience. And this can be done just with your ledger hardware wallet. For example, or you can use some exchanges. I think OKX announced publicly a few weeks ago that they are in the process of integrating dydx as well. So I suppose OKX users will be able to stake also their dydx from the OKX ecosystem and collect as well USDCs. You mentioned dydx token. I think a lot of people are talking about how they're concerned about the unlocking schedule of dydx. Can you tell us a little more on this? Absolutely. There is no change of numbers of dydx since the dydx kind of migrated away from Ethereum and created the new chain. So the new dydx chain does not mean more dydx. The Ethereum dydx are migrating. So people can migrate away from Ethereum to the dydx chain. But there is no change in inflation. There is regular unlocks from the protocol itself, which is essentially feeding the community treasury of dydx. So the community treasury of dydx community represents today about 750 million USD, which are available for the community to deploy for grants, for DAOs, for supporting various strategic initiatives in the ecosystem. So it's also a very wealthy and long-term thinking type of ecosystem with the right resources. The unlocks are programmatic, so you can see them coming. And there was an unlock in December from the original investors in dydx, which I think went in a very as transparent as possible. And we've seen a lot of these early investors also migrating to the dydx chain. We have today a large majority of tokens which have already migrated to the dydx chain to support the growth of the chain. So you don't see the unlock schedule impacting the price. How do you actually comfort people when they're worried about how it's going to impact if they hold dydx long-term? That's a good question. There is an unlock in many different ways on every blockchain. What is important is to be able to see it coming and understanding it. There is new Bitcoin being minted every seven minutes on Bitcoin. This is some kind of soft and slow unlock. On Ethereum, you've got also an inflation as well as a dynamic of Ethereum burning. That's also some soft and slow unlock. Everything has, for the most part, unlocks. There is unlocks on dydx, but they are transparent and visible. So I think people can just consider and study it, but I don't think there is anything very different from any other systems. You can start your journey within dydx with the dydx foundation website where you get access to the documentation and get a better understanding of the unlock. It's very transparent, so people can build their own opinion from that fairly easily. So just on a personal level, if there's a friend of yours that is first or new in crypto, would you actually recommend them to use this staking or trading reward system? I would not invite anyone to dydx without any experience in crypto or trading. Remember, it's a protocol for crypto derivatives. Crypto derivatives are more complex crypto products. dydx is not for your sister or your cousin, which just discovered Bitcoin two weeks ago. It's something which is much more complex. So it's better to educate the people rightly. Being a staker on dydx, I think, is probably more simple and approachable. The trading experience and understanding derivative trading is something for more kind of experienced users. Staking isn't the only way to earn rewards, right? There's also this Chaos Labs incentive program. So at dydx, there are two types of rewards. Kind of redirected to the users themselves. So whenever you trade, you get essentially an immediate reward in dydx tokens in size of your trade. There is also rewards which are made for the market makers or kind of power users, where at these times there will be a point system. So essentially, this kind of incentive program evaluating via Chaos Labs services as the kind of activity and level of activities and contributions of different power users and market makers and reward them accordingly. After the approval of Bitcoin Spot ETF, there are a lot of institutional investors interested in crypto now. I think people are worried these big companies are essentially centralized. For example, BlackRock is huge. They can actually have a big impact on Bitcoin. What's your take on this? That's a good question. I like decentralization. I'm a builder of decentralization, but I'm also cognizant that many people don't care. Most users don't care about decentralization. You want to have a healthy product and functional product. You want to have ease of access. For some people, buying Bitcoin directly and keeping it on their wallet is easy. For some others, there is no way they're going to be involved with that. It's normal to have some kind of core of early users with very strong ideas. But when the technology evolves and grows, the audience and the people involved with this technology come from different horizons with different objectives. So I think bigger and bigger players are in place. We've seen that before. We see the centralized exchanges being extremely powerful in our space also. So if people are a little bit worried about BlackRock, for example, you should also consider and review your opinion about Coinbase or Binance or some of these giants. Think of FTX, which was a very big player. When they collapse, they impact the market also greatly. So it's not coming. This phenomenon does not start with the Bitcoin ETF. And I think it's just a testament of the additional usage and bringing different paths for people to approach crypto. It's a normal kind of path of growth of the technology. You just mentioned some of the bigger players in centralized exchange, and they have very complicated relationships with governments and regulators. What is the relationship between DYDX and how do they interact with different governments and regulators? If you want to map the DYDX ecosystem, there is first and foremost the users and the community of DYDX. This represents tens of thousands of people, which are token holders, validators, stakers, builders, market makers. We highlight this ecosystem in the DYDX Foundation Ecosystem Report. And below this community, which is voting and deciding on how to deploy this open source software, there are different entities. We have the DYDX grants DAO, which is giving grants to people building on DYDX. There is also the DYDX operation DAO, which is running some core services for the DYDX chain. There is the DYDX Foundation, which I represent today. There is also DYDX Trading, which is a company founded by Antonio Giuliano. All these entities are totally independent and they essentially work and kind of follow the guidance of the token holders expressed by the governance. The relationship with regulators is happening on multiple fronts in many different ways. I think regulators have more and more an appetite to understand the technology of DeFi. As we mentioned earlier in this conversation, central banks are starting to use CBDCs, are starting to use smart contracts for swapping CBDCs of different currencies. They really understand more and more things. It's a mistake. Regulators are only coming in one kind of type, which is like punishing people around. Many of them are proactive and welcoming conversations. It's part of our responsibility as industry practitioners to engage with regulators and not only claiming DeFi is better, but demonstrating that's a very big difference. Demonstrating that actually what DeFi can provide is overlapping and supporting what the regulators want to achieve. Regulators want healthy marketplace. Regulators want transparency. Regulators want efficient markets. The technology of DeFi can provide that by design since the beginning. Very different than regulating an exchange, for example. It's more complex also because you cannot regulate one company. It's decentralized open source software. But I think it's our responsibility to engage and remain engaged with validators and demonstrate that the agenda of the regulators and the features of DeFi are matching. So there is multiple conversations in multiple ways. Eventually, I think what regulators are converging or what they should be considering more, not regulate the technology because it's not possible. You cannot regulate technology. You cannot regulate internet. You cannot regulate Bitcoin. You cannot very hardly regulate. You can regulate the operators. You can regulate the people giving access to this technology. So the same way there is regulations for internet service providers, there is regulation for banks which give you access to financial markets or give you access to stock exchange, for example. I think it's important to define some rules because the rules are different in different countries to essentially the operators of DeFi and people giving access. And my bet for the future is that a lot of centralized exchanges will get licenses in different countries. Most of the time, this license will be only for trading spots and they will not be able to offer derivatives. And I see part of a future where centralized exchanges will be coming to access DeFi and kind of facilitate access to DeFi protocols via centralized exchanges. So the same way today, your bank, the core business of your bank is to essentially work with your money. So you get paid every month your salary, you put it at the bank and then the bank helps you to manage this money. And then the banks offers you and package together many different products for many different other companies. Your bank is most of the time not an insurance company, but you can buy insurance from the bank. Your bank is not a stockbroker, but you can give you access to stock exchange and so on. So I think we see the distribution of finance access point to finance through the banks. And I think in DeFi, we're going to see probably something similar where we're going to see different service providers in finance starting to give access to DeFi and facilitate the experience for the users. And regulators should be considering to regulate and help these operators to provide a service in a healthy way. Regulating the technology has never happened and will hardly happen anywhere. It took regulators five to ten years to understand that the Internet was not as a technology could not be regulated. And then they started to design only after some regulations for the operators themselves. So regulate the operator, but do not regulate the technology. Otherwise, we kind of cool down the innovation. And that's something which is now a global phenomenon. It is all really exciting. I feel like DYDX is doing a lot of big plans, big things. And what do you think we can expect as users? Any plans for 2024? Expect more trading pairs and new markets on DYDX. We can see that via the number of votes on the chain. I know some people are working on mobile app, making sure they get available on the iPhone world as well as the Android world. And some great and better and better experience for Stakers as well. So the more rewards to the Stakers and that's something super exciting. As a protocol, we are already integrated with Ledger. So that's already to connect with DYDX in a safe way. So we expect here that there is a lot of more additional integrations coming up. The operation DAO of DYDX has support in Chinese. So if you have questions, the software, the DAO of DYDX is helping Chinese users in Chinese language to understand more. We will be also joining some events in the region. So we look to connect with all of you guys at various crypto conferences. Looking forward to connect with you. Thank you so much, Charles. I find this so insightful and personally, I've learned a lot from you and super inspirational. Thank you. Thanks for having me and see you on the DYDX chain.