 China was had by far and away the most hashrate in the world. When China banned Bitcoin mining a number of years ago, a lot of the Chinese miners relocated to the U.S. Historically, we've been able to mine Bitcoin between 20 and $40,000 each. Companies that don't sell their Bitcoin have no other choice but to dilute the shares so their equity funded isn't really worth that much of a premium. There's power that isn't always consumed. And if you don't consume it, you lose it. It goes to ground. You can't store it. Think of a Bitcoin miner as kind of a battery where they overbill generation to feed the massive demand for AI. But when the AI isn't demanding the power, you've got the surplus capacity that has to go somewhere and Bitcoin mining is an interruptible load. Now they're speculating that if Bitcoin passes certain thresholds, there are liquidations, forced liquidations that will take place that could drive the price of Bitcoin parabolic with that much demand pent up on the network and supply being fixed. Doesn't matter if Bitcoin goes to 300,000. We can't mine more than 450 Bitcoin a day, no matter what the supply shock in my mind is what's really going to drive that next phase. I firmly believe that Bitcoin will exceed that. Miners hold absolute power over the Bitcoin price, meaning you said there are only 450 Bitcoin mined a day. What you can do is I'll just hold it. Why are you guys manipulating the price of Bitcoin? All the Bitcoin miners are going to get together and say, OK, guys, on three, we're going to hold all the Bitcoin. What is the future of mining not just in America, but around the world? Bitcoin miner CleanSpark is here with us and executive chairman Matt Schultz will give us his breakdown on his outlook for Bitcoin mining, Bitcoin overall and his guidance on CleanSpark operations for the remainder of the year. I'm David Lin. Bonnie Chang. Thank you for joining us, Matt. Thank you for having me. Before we talk about operations, let's talk about Bitcoin mining in general. Because retails, investors, they're like miners sound like they have this absolute power over the Bitcoin price, especially around halving. We hear this narrative that miners will hold the supply and not sell because, you know, your salary, so-called, will be cut in half. And if you don't sell, then maybe the price will 1x and at least you'll stay even. So it's an interesting concept, but it's a bit of a fallacy. So Bitcoin is hard capped. So that means there will only ever be 21 million Bitcoin and there are currently 20 million outstanding. So there's there's almost 20 million. So there's not a long ways to go. So to think that, you know, if we were to back up a little bit and look at the block reward after the halving last May, the global block reward has dropped to 450 Bitcoin. So there's only 450 new Bitcoin a day, regardless of how many miners. So the more miners that are on the network, the more difficult it is for us to win a block and to mine Bitcoin. So that number doesn't change based on a miner's output or anything like that. So the idea that we control supply is kind of a misnomer. My company, we had from back in 2023, we kept 100 percent of the Bitcoin that we mined and we added those to our balance sheet. The reason was that companies like MicroStrategy that are now buying hundreds of thousands of Bitcoin, they're paying 100, 100, 8, 110 thousand dollars. Historically, we've been able to mine Bitcoin between 20 and 40 thousand dollars each. So it just makes sense to add that to our balance sheet because it is such a scarce asset. And I saw one of your interviews, you said your Bitcoin yield is two to three percent a week. So, yeah, I want to correct or clarify that. So this earlier this year, we shifted our strategy. So a lot of Bitcoin miners pay for their operating expenses and their growth by selling shares of stock. So if you're a retail investor and the company is going through a constant dilution cycle, it makes it difficult to realize appreciation and the value of the shares. So CleanSpark made a pivot where we sell a portion of our Bitcoin to cover the OpEx and then we use a line of credit that's secured by our other Bitcoin to make new acquisitions. So for CapEx. So the idea is that we can more efficiently operate our business by selling some of that production. Well, if we know we're going to sell production, we then add a little bit of juice to that by writing derivative contracts. So if I'm planning to sell half my production anyway, we write five day future contracts. So we generate a margin or they pay us a premium to write those derivative contracts that are one, two, three, four percent just for a five day contract. So at the end of that, we get the Bitcoin called away that we were going to sell anyway. Plus, we get the premium on that. So that's where that number came from. I don't mean to imply that it's 120 percent annualized, but there are yields that come from these weekly transactions that add value to CleanSpark for Bitcoin we plan to sell anyway. So you said there's going to be constant dilution without the system. Why would there be dilution for miners overall? So if you if if you have a 100 percent hodl strategy, your your generation of revenue comes from the Bitcoin that you mine. But if you keep it all, how do you make money? And so most of our peers, if you look at any of the other major companies, they all put up recently two of our peers have put up two billion dollar ATM offering. So it's an at the market, which means they do a shelf registration and they have shares of stock available that based on their needs, they can push those shares into the market. So it dilutes the balance of the shareholders. It's kind of counterintuitive to a normal business where you build a widget and you sell a widget and you make margin. That's how you're profitable. Well, if you build widgets and you hold all of those widgets, never to sell them, how do you fund the growth of your company? How do you pay? How do you pay your payroll? How do you pay your utilities? So companies that don't sell their Bitcoin have no other choice but to dilute the shares. So they're equity funded. And if you have a constant cycle of equity funding and you're an investor, it makes it difficult to know if there's an endless supply of shares. It makes it difficult for the share price to go up. So the way we look at it, you know, back in the 70s, the U.S. government depegged the dollar from gold. What that meant is now there's no hard cap on it because it's not tied to gold. So we can just print more. We print more. The dollar becomes worth less. Inflation goes crazy. We have all kinds of geopolitical issues as a result of currency devaluation. Bitcoin mining companies that operate on this endless dilution cycle are basically the same thing. They've removed the underpinning value and they just use shares to do everything from growth to OPEX, to CAPEX, to bonuses, to whatever they're doing, to bonuses, to whatever the case may be. We feel like there's a better way to do it. And quite frankly, the feedback from the sell side analysts on Wall Street is that our strategy is the more adult in the room kind of strategy. So we wear that kind of as a badge of honor. So these companies that you talked about, they measure in BPS, Bitcoin per share, and you measure in EPS, I assume. So what is your view on this BPS new metric? Like if there are two types of company, one you measure in BPS, the other one you measure in EPS. Is that fair? Sure. It's just a different perspective. So the whole idea of yield generation and Sats per share kind of originated with Michael Saylor, the idea that they're a Bitcoin treasury company and the appreciation of Bitcoin theoretically increases the value of the Sats per share in the company. The inverse of that is if you're continually printing new shares of stock, that number changes all the time, much the same way that earnings per share would. The challenge is that when companies, when Bitcoin has a down cycle and it pulls back in price like the first quarter of the year, and companies are continuing to use equity to fund, now you're increasing the number of shares and you're decreasing the value of the Bitcoin. So that BPS becomes a negative number. And in the Bitcoin mining space, it's such a nascent field. I mean, nobody's a second generation Bitcoin miner because it's only been around 15, 16 years, right? So the idea that this is a metric that we want to plant our flag and we're going to be measured by the Bitcoin yield. Well, then when that becomes a negative number, a lot of the miners conveniently remove that from their monthly updates. And so we don't feel like it's the most transparent way to communicate with our shareholders. We want to be really transparent about our energy costs, about our cost to mine, about our efficiency. And we think earnings per share is the most fundamental measurement of how we're performing as a company. CleanSpark doesn't just hodl though. You do sell some Bitcoin on occasion for liquidity needs. So, for example, correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe CleanSpark sold roughly 400, 401 Bitcoin during the month of April. How do you balance hodling versus selling for liquidity? So this what we sell is to cover all of our operating expenses. So if you think about what the OPEC is necessary to operate a Bitcoin mining company, you're talking about personnel. So the labor costs, the energy costs, insurance, infrastructure overhead, all the different things that are required rather than diluting our shareholders and selling equity. We're now selling some of that hodl. Actually, I want to correct that. We don't sell our hodl, we sell production. So the hodl is old dated Bitcoin. The reason we don't want to sell it is because we mined it at twenty thousand dollars a coin. So there's a big tax impact if we were to sell that. So what we are selling is the Bitcoin that we're a portion of the Bitcoin that we're mining on a monthly basis to prevent equity dilution for sure. Just as a follow up, let's say hypothetically, I were an investor and I were to say to you, why not sell all your Bitcoin as a strategy, issue that all in dividends is in the form of fiat cash and I will use that cash to buy my own Bitcoin. Yeah, that's a great argument. And I think the counterpoint is if you want to buy Bitcoin, buy Bitcoin. A miner that's really efficient, a company like CleanSpark that our most recent quarter, we disclosed that it cost us about forty two thousand dollars to mine a Bitcoin. If you're looking for an investment in the space, that is a proxy for Bitcoin that gives you kind of a leverage play. That's why we think CleanSpark has appealed by maintaining a portion of that Bitcoin or a balance sheet that we mined at a fraction of the spot price versus buying Bitcoin at spot or buying a Bitcoin holding company that they go borrow money or dilute shares and they just buy the Bitcoin at market. I mean, the fundamental question is this. Why is a Bitcoin on Michael Saylor's balance sheet worth three times more than you can buy a Bitcoin for today? And the answer is that it's a leverage play and that his strategy of Bitcoin yield is different than you're going to get from buying and owning the Bitcoin. But is it really worth that much of a premium? So we think that by having a blended approach covering our OPEX through the sale of some of the Bitcoin, but still giving our investors exposure to the Bitcoin that we hodl, although we have 12,500 Bitcoin and we paid a fraction of spot price for those because we mined them all at our own sites by our own employees. So it's more of a leverage play for us. I think a lot of investors assume when Bitcoin hits all time high, all the Bitcoin related companies should hit all time high as well. Can you comment on that? Yeah. So it's interesting when there was a lack of volatility and liquidity in the space, Bitcoin would go up and the miners were really the only proxy. You know, you think back to the last presidential administration, banks couldn't custody Bitcoin. Bitcoin was forbidden for use in a multitude of different arenas. And not only that, there was an incident during the Biden administration where they literally debanked American companies that had a touch point with Bitcoin. So you have a commodity, basically a currency that's legal for use. But the government had this initiative to make it difficult. They wanted to ban Bitcoin in the United States. They wanted to push it all offshore. So the challenge is that how do you invest in Bitcoin without investing in Bitcoin? Because there were institutional investors that couldn't buy Bitcoin and there were no Bitcoin ETFs at the time. So Bitcoin went up. Bitcoin miners went up because we were an adjacent investment or proxy, if you will. Well, now that the ETFs are out there, if you want to buy exposure to Bitcoin, you can buy a Bitcoin ETF. You can buy a leveraged ETF. You can buy a short ETF. So for a proxy investment, those ETFs have garnered a lot of focus. Then you have the Bitcoin treasury companies that go out and borrow money, buy Bitcoin, hold it on their balance sheet. So what happens is when hedge funds buy those issuers, they generally pair those trades. So they go long a Bitcoin treasury company. And to balance that trade or to hedge it, they go short another related but not directly related investment. So you look at what would be a proxy to Bitcoin that you could go short that has a lot of liquidity and a lot of volatility because that's where equities are valued. Right. So Bitcoin miners, I mean, you look at a company like CleanSpark, we trade four or five hundred million dollars a day in equity. So there's a ton of liquidity and it makes sense to use that as the short side of a pair trade. Now, that only makes sense until such time that there's an inflow of buying. So we look at the current status, the current environment where there's a very heavy short position in CleanSpark stock to negative because it's holding the share price down. It doesn't matter to us right now because we're not using equity to do anything. So we we have the patience and the ability to out to wait out the short sellers because as we continue to improve, we've messaged to the market that we'll hit 50x a hash this summer when it comes to market dynamics and specific specific points that we monitor very closely. Efficiency of the fleet, total Bitcoin production, energy cost, the amount of Bitcoin that we hodl, all of those criteria, the critical points that we monitor very closely give us the flexibility, I guess, to remain profitable without putting pressure on our shares. So ultimately, as many of our peers are pivoting away from Bitcoin, they're going to a hybrid, they're doing AI, they're doing different other types of business with the megawatts. CleanSpark is the last remaining pure play miner. And we believe and a lot of the feedback that we've had based on institutional investment is that that's a strategy that's favored by the institutional investors on Wall Street. We had 10% institutional holding just three short years ago, and now it's close to 70%. So if you watch the movie Dumb Money, the institutions think they're the smart money. So the smart money has really started to kind of ape into CleanSpark stock because of the fact that we've very disciplined pure play strategy and our capital management or capital stewardship, I think, is second to none in the space. English is the key to opening the world. You want to get in touch with the latest information, get a better job, walk around the world, feel free, and feel English is very important. How do you use your time to enhance your English skills? You can try this powerful deep-seated AI, Google's investment English personal coach app, ElsaSpeak. No matter where your level is, it will follow your needs and preferences and set a daily learning plan for you. Every day's special classes include grammar, self-study, and speech. As long as the English pronunciation is right, it will sound very comfortable and convincing. After you finish your English practice, the app will immediately help you to grade and tell you how to read correctly. Another very practical feature is the AI role. No limited practice can be customized to practice English conversation from work to work. Don't worry about saying wrong. If you can't think of a topic, the system will help you open the topic. The point is that it will feedback where you made a mistake and teach you the right way. I really appreciate that you answer these questions. I appreciate your kind words. This is the key to improving your English pronunciation. In addition, the speech analyzer that can be used to analyze speech in a meeting or to edit long videos can be used in Premium's online version. You can predict the score of the professional test by just recording an English speech. The system will also feedback in detail. This is a very practical feature for professionals or for the working group. If you want to start learning from the basics, you can start with the ElsaPro plan. If you want to go from the basics to the next level and fully unlock the English conversation of AI, you can also take the Elsa Premium course for the professional English courses like Yass and Tof. Now go to the link in the description and click on the exclusive discount code B-O-N-N-I-E-Bonnie to buy the discounted price in the app. The discount code is available for 7 days. The discount code is only for the exclusive link in the description. The discount code is only for the exclusive link in the description. Finally, Elsa will draw three lucky viewers to experience the Elsa Premium plan for a month. If you leave a message in the description of the video in 48 hours, you will have a chance to win. I had Samsung Mao, Gen 3 founder on the show. He was telling me that after all Bitcoin are mined, of course we have transaction fee, but energy companies and Bitcoin miners will become the same company. Can you tell us how that works? I just finished a panel. One of the things we talked about on the panel was revitalizing rural communities through Bitcoin mining. You think about in the United States when the utility grid was laid out. We do business in Georgia, Tennessee, Mississippi, Wyoming, more rural states. When the utility grid was laid out four, five, six decades ago, in this country there was a lot more industry. There was mining, there was manufacturing, timber mills. In Georgia specifically, there were a lot of textile manufacturers. There was more carpet made in the state of Georgia than anywhere else in the world. As many of those industries have offshored, you've got these little communities that are left with pockets of power that the cities created the municipal bonds to buy the generation, that they now own the power and the business has gone away. One of the things I mentioned on my panel, I'm a dad, so my kids watch the movie Cars. The story about the little town Radiator Springs, bustling town, cool stuff going on, and the interstate comes by and the town gets forgotten. It's much the same way in rural America as jobs and industry have gone offshore or moved elsewhere. You've got these little towns that have abundant power and a workforce that would like to stay home, but no opportunities. What we do is we partner with the local utilities. They have excess power, they're not monetizing. I'll buy it right now, I'll pay your cost and I'll give you two or three tenths of a penny per kilowatt hour. That way the cities make money whenever we're mining, so it creates revenue for them. By buying in bulk or increasing the consumption of the community, it drives down the energy prices for the local municipality, for the rate payers. Then the sales tax that you pay on that stays in the community. Many of these small towns, not only are we creating jobs, but they're using the revenues that come from Bitcoin mining profits to build walking trails and splash pads and park benches. There was even a story done on the Atlanta news station that the sales tax had created such a surplus in some of these small communities that they were paying people's property taxes with the surplus sales tax generated from CleanSpark mining. We feel like by partnering with the utility, we can take that low cost power when it's available. I think that's what he meant when you had the interview, is that there's power that isn't always consumed. If you don't consume it, you lose it. It goes to ground, you can't store it. It's not efficient. You can't store it. It's not efficient to build massive battery facilities. Think of a Bitcoin miner as a battery where they overbuild generation to feed the massive demand for AI. But when the AI isn't demanding the power, you've got this surplus capacity that has to go somewhere. Bitcoin mining is an interruptible load. We can turn it off and on. There's no memory on the A6. It doesn't hurt them to curtail it. You think of all the other industries, data centers that host all the pictures on Instagram or cold storage facilities or manufacturing facility. They can't just shut down in the middle of their process. Bitcoin mining is the perfect partner for a utility because we can interrupt. Hurricane hits Georgia. One of the substations that feeds a little town gets taken down. We have infrastructure that we built that's resilient and stronger. We shut down our load, push the power back, the hospital lights stay on. So it really is the perfect balance to a utility. I've met some miners from China and they used to be the biggest mining country. Right? What is it like now? And the profile seems very different. Yeah. So China had by far and away the most hash rate in the world. When China banned Bitcoin mining a number of years ago, a lot of that migrated to the US because there are these different utilities that have abundant power. So think places like Texas. So when that mining came offline in China and it was banned, a lot of the Chinese miners relocated to the US. And so they're trying to duplicate the way that they're operated in China. So you've got the rainy season and you rely heavily on hydroelectric power. Hydroelectric power is really abundant at times and almost getting down to zero cost of power. The US electrical grid doesn't quite work the same. So we have peak demand, which drives up energy costs. So miners that were used to mining under one set of utility rules in China, then come here and it's an entirely different dynamic. So we've been fortunate to do business with a number of different Chinese miners. We've actually bought facilities from Chinese miners. One of the things that's really unfortunate during the prior presidential administration, they were anti-Bitcoin, but they were also concerned that Chinese Bitcoin miners were a surveillance risk, which is absolute nonsense. Bitcoin miners don't have memory. They don't have cameras. They don't have anything. So we bought a Bitcoin mining facility from a Chinese company in Cheyenne, Wyoming. And the prior president sent us a CFIUS order. So it's a committee for foreign investment in the US and they literally shut down our facility because they were concerned that it was spying on the United States. So what does that mean? They made us... Were you? No. The other, the Chinese miner certainly wasn't and we bought the facility. And this is the kind of nonsense that we dealt with in the prior administration. Not only did they make us tear down the facility and remove all the transformers because they were concerned about spyware and the transformers. So got rid of all the miners, got rid of all the power distribution units, got rid of the switch gear, the power supply units, the transformers. They made us take down the buildings. So then they send out the inspectors and they actually looked at the concrete pads that were all that remained. And they suggested that we should remove the concrete pads for fear that there may be Chinese spyware buried in the concrete. So you want to talk about nonsense. So we dealt with that. The new administration is much more friendly to Bitcoin. And we have some really meaningful partnerships with mining companies and suppliers from all over Southeast Asia. What is the relationship between... Moving away from nonsense now. What is the relationship between mining activity, hash rate, and ultimately Bitcoin price? It used to be more, but now it isn't. I mean, you think about the fact that there are 450 Bitcoin mined every day. It doesn't matter what hash rate difficulty is. What hash rate and hash price really impact is the profitability of a Bitcoin miner. Nothing to do with the price of Bitcoin. So the idea that there's a correlation and as an executive of a public company, I get a lot of emails saying, why are you guys manipulating the price of Bitcoin? I only wish that we had that much power. One follow-up question. You said the cost per Bitcoin is 42,600 roughly. So there is some concern. We're not concerned, but some people are wondering whether or not that's the theoretical floor for Bitcoin if the cost of Bitcoin for miners is a consensus price range. So I'll give you an example. So for gold mining, for example, if they're all in sustaining costs, somewhere, let's say $1,800 an ounce, in theory, producers, large producers would have less economic incentive to produce and the supply of gold would be less. But it would diminish and the market price would go up. That's not exactly how it works with Bitcoin. So is there any relationship between your cost per Bitcoin and the floor? Two epochs ago, so two halving cycles before when Bitcoin miners are producing the vast majority of what's being consumed, I would say that Bitcoin miners have an impact on the price to a degree. The difference is the block rewards are fixed. Every 10 minutes, the block is audited and a new block reward is made. Those Bitcoin are issued regardless of how many miners are on. Different from gold mining. If gold is going up, I'm going to spend more money on picks and shovels and put more guys to work to mine more gold because there is no cap on gold. Much the same with oil. Oil prices go to $100 a barrel. All of a sudden, more developers are drilling oil wells because it's more profitable. Oil is under pressure at $50 a barrel. People aren't drilling new wells. Bitcoin is different because it's a fixed supply. If you think about Econ 101, if supply is tight and demand is high, price goes up. The challenge with Bitcoin is that the supply is fixed. What we're seeing is the volatility and demand. With the adoption of the ETFs, now you've got all of this demand and the ETFs have to buy the Bitcoin and hold it in order to give you exposure, just like a gold ETF. If you invest in a gold ETF, they have to actually own the gold underlying that ETF. The same thing applies to Bitcoin. Now you have this new demand. You got Michael Saylor that's now buying all the Bitcoin. You got mining companies that are borrowing billions of dollars to add Bitcoin to their treasury. You got this demand that's skyrocketing. The reason we're seeing volatility in the price of Bitcoin, just my opinion, is that there are still those people, you get the gold bugs online and you get some of the analysts that think Bitcoin is magic internet money. There's no real fundamental value to it. First of all, they don't understand proof of work and they don't understand the way that Bitcoin is hard capped. You have the perfect currency and that it's peer to peer, it's non-sovereign, it's decentralized, it's hard capped. There's no CEO of Bitcoin. Nobody can change the rules and manipulate this. It really does fulfill the promise that was evidenced in Satoshi's white paper. That is that it's a peer to peer cashless network for anybody. It allows the unbanked to be banked. It allows for all of these benefits. Unfortunately, there are still those that say Bitcoin is fake, Bitcoin isn't real. There's no fundamental value to Bitcoin. As a result, there are now opportunities or investment products that you can buy that short Bitcoin. Much the same as you can buy a Bitcoin ETF that goes long, you can buy a leverage short on Bitcoin. Now you've got market dynamics at work where you've got trades where people are betting against Bitcoin. The beauty of that is that now they're speculating that if Bitcoin passes certain thresholds, there are forced liquidations that will take place that could drive the price of Bitcoin parabolic. As an executive of a public company, I can't comment on my own stock price, but I can tell you that I firmly believe that Bitcoin will exceed $200,000 this year. Wow. I forgot what I was going to ask because I was not expecting a price prediction. Thank you. Wow. Let's talk about it. 200K. What's your thesis there? Supply and demand. You look at the consumption that's taking place. Jack Mahler's is leading the new Bitcoin 21 capital through a Cantor SPAC. They're talking about raising money to buy Bitcoin. Just yesterday, there was an announcement that Trump media is doing a $3 billion raise to buy Bitcoin. What we've already established in this chat is that there are only 450 new Bitcoin a day. With that much demand pent up on the network and supply being fixed, it doesn't matter if Bitcoin goes to 300,000, we can't mine more than 450 Bitcoin a day, no matter what. The supply shock in my mind is what's really going to drive that next phase. Historically, there have been cycles. The halving cycle Bitcoin runs up, halving happens, the price pulls back. We saw November of 21 at 69,000, you get midway through 22, it's 15,000. I think with the adoption of the ETFs and the increase in demand, especially these new Bitcoin treasury companies, the idea that demand is going to wane and price is going to be depressed, I don't think it's realistic anymore. I think that cycle has been broken. I think we're now in price discovery. This Bitcoin conference being held right now as Bitcoin is hitting all-time highs with all these very credible, goodness gracious, Howard Lutnick, who sits in the cabinet, is the founder of Cantor Fitzgerald. Cantor is the SPAC partner with Jack Mueller's new company. We have Bitcoin advocates at the highest level of our government. Now, what we're seeing is nation states are procuring and acquiring Bitcoin for strategic reserves. We know it's happening in the Middle East. We know it's begun to happen in China. We know that the accumulation of Bitcoin has started at a mean of $1.5 billion. Bitcoin has started at a meaningful level and with supply as fixed as it is, it can only have one impact on price. I think this echo backs to my first question, which is miners hold absolute power over the Bitcoin price. Meaning you said there are only 450 Bitcoin mined a day. What you can do is I'll just hold it. You guys want to buy, I'll hold it. So theoretically that would be true. But when you talk about the fact that it's now a multi-trillion dollar industry, 450 Bitcoin isn't a drop in a bucket. If we held all of the Bitcoin production, it wouldn't have any impact because Michael Saylor is buying 500,000 Bitcoin at a time. The idea that all of the miners in the world, so CleanSpark is we have the most hash rate of anyone in the United States. We're the second biggest miner in the world and we comprise about 5% of the global hash rate. So to think all of the Bitcoin miners are going to get together and say, okay guys, on three, we're going to hold all the Bitcoin and we could do that. It wouldn't make a hell of a difference because the demand, the 20 million Bitcoin that are already out, daily production has no impact on price. Just following up on that, the other side of the equation, let's suppose Bitcoin miners were to go offline tomorrow, either by government decree as was the case in China, or they go bankrupt. I'm not saying you guys are doing fine, but just in theory, they go offline. What would happen to the treasury? Would there not be a huge liquidation event? So the problem is that in order to sell or buy Bitcoin, you have to have miners. Miners validate each block. So without Bitcoin mining, Bitcoin doesn't exist. So it can't, it's decentralized and it's non-sovereign. So there's Bitcoin mining in South America, Central America, North America, all over Asia, all over Europe, Bitcoin mining everywhere. So to think that there would be a stroke of a pen that would ban Bitcoin mining globally isn't realistic. But let's say if CleanSpark were to pack up shop tomorrow for whatever reason, not just by a ban decree, what would happen to your treasury? Nothing. I mean, we would still, I mean, if we're talking theoretically, the Bitcoin doesn't go away. We hold that Bitcoin offline. Do you offload it to the market though? I can't imagine that... Part of your liquidation event. Yeah. Yeah. I can tell you there's no plans for any kind of liquidation. Sure. And our Bitcoin treasury is going nowhere but up. All right. I want to ask you about the four year cycle. So for an average person that are not very familiar with how it works, the analogy they'll use is, okay, if you say Bitcoin is this digital building, then miners would be the construction workers or the construction company. Now, if I go and tell you, or I pitch this old world construction company, say, hey, build this building. It's going to make you a lot of money. The value is going to go up. However, in every four years, the revenue is going to be cut in half. Then in the old world, they'll think it's crazy, but somehow this works in Bitcoin. Why? That's a great question. So you think about every block is 10 minutes, right? So four halving cycles ago, it was 50 Bitcoin a block. And then it went to 25 after the halving. And then it went to 12 and a half. And then 6.25, and now 3.125. So difficulty is going up through those halving cycles. What that does is it makes, if you get 50 Bitcoin every 10 minutes and Bitcoin is priced like it is now, you're a fat cat, right? You got all you need. The design of the system is set up to create scarcity. It's also set up to drive efficiency. So Bitcoin mining companies that don't have good cost of power, that don't have good infrastructure, that don't have efficient ASICs, that don't have high uptime, can't compete in a market environment where the margins get squeezed. So we're making 23, 24 Bitcoin a day right now. Prior to having, we were making 23 or 24 Bitcoin. So CleanSpark has continued to invest not only in a new infrastructure, new facilities, new equipment, but also investing in efficiencies, increasing the value of our operations, decreasing our input costs to make us more profitable. During that period of time, we've acquired a lot of other miners that can't compete because they're not as efficient. So we have the benefit of scale. We've achieved what we like to call exit velocity. That is we can continue to grow and thrive and build regardless of the other inputs, access to equity or debt capital. We can self-sustain on the Bitcoin that we mine, which makes us very dangerous. I don't have to go out and raise money in order to compete with my peers. So if the market is under pressure and share prices are down, now all of a sudden they're looking for alternative strategies to make money. So less efficient Bitcoin miners. Now you're hearing a lot about HPC and AI. It just so happens that the miners that are focusing on that are the same miners that have less efficient fleets. So I think there's a correlation. I think that about does it. Thank you very much, Matt. Thank you so much for having me. This has been a lot of fun. Yeah. I appreciate your time. Absolutely. Pleasure to meet you. I think everybody's going to love this. Thank you.