 My face was cut because somebody was washing it now. There are two fundamental things that are happening. Taiwan is the home of our treasured partners. This is in fact where everything Nvidia does begins. Our partners and ourselves take it to the world. Taiwan and our partnership has created the world's AI infrastructure. These are really, really exciting times. A restart of our computer industry. An industry that you have forged, an industry that you have created. And now you're prepared for the next major journey. I love you guys. It's a new industrial revolution. In this video, we will skip the technical aspects. We will focus on the big picture between Nvidia and Huawei. And the importance of the Taiwan industry chain. If you want to see more technical explanations, I have explained it in the video of this GTC conference. I will put the link in the description. You can look it up later if you have time. This video has a lot of Chinese translations on the internet. I didn't want to do another one, but I think most of them are translated by the translation software. Sometimes, the words don't match. I think it would be a pity if the content is not fully expressed. So I translated this video myself. I tried to explain the emotions, words, and meanings. Why do I have to do this series of Chinese translations? Because I also believe that people and industries that don't actively use AI in the future may be eliminated by the trend of the times. So I hope you can hear these contents. After watching, you will have more and more deep inspirations for your future work life. The video is the world's strongest company. The details of its management. What can AI do in the future? And Huang Renxun's gratitude to his hometown and his industry chain. No one is successful because he is strong, but all the people who help him are strong. A group of people who are strong have achieved great stories together through their efforts. No matter what industry you are in, no matter where you are in your life, whether you are a boss, a senior, or an employee, as long as you are on the road of hard work, as long as you have seeds of success in your heart, you will have a lot of income after watching it. The following is the essence of the essence I made for you. I hope you will like it. Good take, good take. Oh, geez. And cut. Okay, you guys ready? Yeah. Everybody thinks we make GPUs. But Nvidia is so much more than that. This whole keynote is going to be about that. Okay, so we'll start at the top. Examples of the use cases and then seeing it in action. That's kind of the flow. It's such a compelling story. I'm super nervous about this. Just got to get in the rhythm. We're two weeks away from it. You guys can go really, really making great. We should take a swing at it. Yeah, that's the plan. We need to get daily status on that animation. Can you mute? Because I hear myself. Sorry. What's the drop date for all the videos? That needs to be done on the 28th. Did you get all that? I'm sorry. Safe travels, everybody. Super excited to see everyone. See you guys soon. Okay. Bye. We're basically moving as fast as the world can absorb technology. So we've got to leave from ourselves. Now the spine, you just have to figure out a way to make it pop. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You want to... Yeah, that kind of thing. Okay. Thank you. I'm super late. Let's go. Go on. Welcome NVIDIA founder and executive director, Mr. Huang Renxun. Please welcome to the stage NVIDIA founder and CEO, Jen Zimuang. Hello, everyone. Hello. I am very happy to be back. Thank you, NTU, for letting us use your stadium. The last time I was here, I received a degree from NTU. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And I gave the run, don't walk speech. And today we have a lot to cover. So I cannot walk. I must run. I'm very happy to be here in Taiwan. Taiwan is the home of our treasured partners. This is in fact where everything NVIDIA does begins. Our partners and ourselves take it to the world. Taiwan and our partnership has created the world's AI infrastructure. These are really, really exciting times. A restart of our computer industry. An industry that you have forged. An industry that you have created. And now you're prepared for the next major journey. I want to speak to you in Chinese. But I have so much to tell you. I have to think too hard to speak Chinese. So I have to speak to you in English. Two fundamental technologies. Accelerated computing and artificial intelligence running inside the omniverse. Those two technologies, those two fundamental forces of computing are going to reshape the computer industry. The computer industry is now some 60 years old. In a lot of ways, everything that we do today was invented the year after my birth in 1964. All of the things that we know today about computing largely describe the 1964. Of course, the PC revolution democratized computing and put it in the hands and the houses of everybody. And then in 2007, the iPhone introduced mobile computing and put the computer in our pocket. Ever since, everything is connected and running all the time through the mobile cloud. This last 60 years, we saw several, just several, not that many actually, two or three major technology shifts. Two or three tectonic shifts in computing where everything changed. And we're about to see that happen again. There are two fundamental things that are happening. The first is that the processor, the engine by which the computer industry runs on, the central processing unit, the performance scaling has slowed tremendously. And yet, the amount of computation we have to do is still doubling very quickly, exponentially. If processing requirement, if the data that we need to process continues to scale exponentially, but performance does not, we will experience computation inflation. And in fact, we're seeing that right now as we speak. The amount of data center power that's used all over the world is growing quite substantially. The cost of computing is growing. We are seeing computation inflation. This, of course, cannot continue. The data is going to continue to increase exponentially and CPU performance scaling will never return. There is a better way. For almost two decades now, we've been working on accelerated computing. Just last week, Google announced that they've put QDF in the cloud and Accelerate Pandas. Pandas is the most popular data science library in the world. Many of you in here probably already use Pandas. It's used by 10 million data scientists in the world. Downloaded 170 million times each month. It is the Excel that is the spreadsheet of data scientists. Well, with just one click, the speed up is really incredible. Let's take a look. That was a great demo, right? It didn't take long. It's Earth 2. The idea that we would create a digital twin of the Earth, that we would go and simulate the Earth so that we could predict the future of our planet to better avert disasters or better understand the impact of climate change so that we can adapt better, so that we could change our habits now. On Monday, the storm will veer north again and approach Taiwan. There are big uncertainties regarding its path. Different paths will have different levels of impact on Taiwan. Imagine a world where we can predict the future. A virtual world where digital twins reflect the real world. Let's see the future. A virtual twin is a virtual model that reflects the real world. Let's predict the impact of the future from today's behavior. Let me introduce NVIDIA Earth 2. A digital twin that uses AI, physical simulation, and computer graphics technology to predict the future of the global climate. CoreDiff is NVIDIA's biometric AI model. It is based on the WRF digital simulation training. It can generate and simulate air at 12 times higher resolution. It can travel from 25 kilometers to 2 kilometers. This is a huge leap in the weather forecast. What is surprising is that CoreDiff AI is 1000 times faster than traditional physical simulation and 3000 times more energy efficient. In the Central Meteorological Bureau of Taiwan, these models are used to accurately predict the wind's landing point. But we don't stop here. The next front is the super local forecast. It can be accurate to tens of meters and consider the impact of urban infrastructure. CoreDiff AI is also using high-resolution data like POM to train. A highly-resolution physical model is used to simulate the atmosphere and the sea. When it combines with the weather simulation wind farm, it can simulate the air flow around the building. When the wind is strong, we expect to see a downpour. When the wind is strong, it can cause damage and affect people. NVIDIA 2 is an excellent example. It combines artificial intelligence, physical simulation and observational data to help countries and companies face the future and the extreme weather. Thank you. Is my Mandarin standard? The truth is that was a Jensen AI. That was not me. We dedicated ourselves to reinvent everything. That was 10 years ago now. And all of it came together on a brand new computer nobody understood. Nobody asked for it. Nobody understood it. And in fact, I was certain nobody wanted to buy it. And so we announced it at GTC and OpenAI, a small company in San Francisco, saw it. And they asked me to deliver one to them. I delivered the first DGX, the world's first AI supercomputer to OpenAI in 2016. And then in November 2022, trained on thousands, tens of thousands of NVIDIA GPUs and a very large AI supercomputer, OpenAI announced ChatGPT. One million users after five days. One million after five days. A hundred million after two months. The fastest growing application in history. And the reason for that is very simple. It is just so easy to use and it was so magical to use. To be able to interact with a computer like it's human. Instead of being clear about what you want. It's like the computer understands your meaning. It understands your intention. Oh, I think here it asked the closest night market. As you know, the night market is very important to me. So when I was young, I think I was four and a half years old. I used to love going to the night market because I just love watching people. And so my parents used to take us to the night market. And I love going. And one day, my face, you guys might see that I have a large scar on my face. My face was cut because somebody was washing their knife and I was a little kid. But my memories of the night market is so deep because of that. And I used to love, I still love going to the night market. And I just need to tell you guys the story of my childhood. I still love going to the night market. And I just need to tell you guys this. The night market is really good because there's a lady. She's been working there for 43 years. She's the fruit lady. And it's in the middle between the two. Go find her. She's really terrific. I think it would be funny after this, all of you go to see her. Every year she's doing better and better. Her car test has improved. I just love watching her succeed. Anyways, ChatGPT came along until ChatGPT revealed it to the world. AI was all about perception, natural language understanding, computer vision, speech recognition. It's all about perception and detection. This was the first time the world saw a generative AI. It produced tokens, one token at a time. And those tokens were words. Some of the tokens, of course, could now be images or charts or tables, songs, words, speech, videos. Those tokens could be anything. Anything that you could learn the meaning of. It could be tokens of chemicals, tokens of proteins, genes. You saw earlier in Earth 2, we were generating tokens of the weather. We can use this method to generate tokens for almost anything, almost anything of value. We can generate steering wheel control for a car. We can generate articulation for a robotic arm. Everything that we can learn, we can now generate. We have now arrived not at the AI era, but a generative AI era. But what's really important is this. This computer that started out as a supercomputer has now evolved into a data center and it produces one thing. It produces tokens. It's an AI factory. This AI factory is generating, creating, producing something of great value, a new commodity. In the late 1890s, Nikola Tesla invented an AC generator. We invented an AI generator. The AC generator generated electrons. NVIDIA's AI generator generates tokens. Both of these things have large market opportunities. It's completely fungible in almost every industry. And that's why it's a new industrial revolution. We have now a new factory producing a new commodity for every industry that is of extraordinary value. And the methodology for doing this is quite scalable. And the methodology of doing this is quite repeatable. Notice how quickly so many different AI models, generative AI models, are being invented, literally daily. Every single industry is now piling on. For the very first time, the IT industry, which is $3 trillion, $3 trillion IT industry, is about to create something that can directly serve $100 trillion of industry. No longer just an instrument for information storage or data processing, but a factory for generating intelligence for every industry. This is going to be a manufacturing industry. Not a manufacturing industry of computers, but using the computers in manufacturing. This has never happened before. Quite an extraordinary thing. What started with accelerated computing led to AI, led to generative AI, and now an industrial revolution. One of the most important applications in the coming future, of course, is customer service agents. Customer service agents are necessary in just about every single industry. It represents trillions of dollars of customer service around the world. Nurses are customer service agents in some ways. Some of them are non-prescription or non-diagnostic based nurses, are essentially customer service. Customer service for retail, for quick service foods, financial services, insurance. Just tens and tens of millions of customer service can now be augmented by language models and augmented by AI. These boxes that you see are basically NIMS. Some of the NIMS are reasoning agents, given a task, figure out what the mission is, break it down into a plan. Some of the NIMS retrieve information. Some of the NIMS might go and do search. All of these NIMS are experts that are now assembled as a team. So what's happening? The application layer has been changed. What used to be applications written with instructions are now applications that are assembling teams, assembling teams of AIs. Very few people know how to write programs. Almost everybody knows how to break down a problem and assemble teams. Every company, I believe, in the future will have a large collection of NIMS and you would bring down the experts that you want. You connect them into a team and you don't even have to figure out exactly how to connect them. You just give the mission to an agent, to a NIM to figure out who to break the task down and who to give it to. And that central, the leader of the application, if you will, the leader of the team, would break down the task and give it to the various team members. The team members would perform their task, bring it back to the team leader. The team leader would reason about that and present an information back to you. Just like humans. Great to be in Taiwan. Before I head out to the night market, let's dive into some exciting frontiers of digital humans. Imagine a future where computers interact with us just like humans can. Hi, my name is Sophie and I am a digital human brand ambassador for UNIQ. This is the incredible reality of digital humans. Digital humans will revolutionize industries from customer service to advertising and gaming. The possibilities for digital humans are endless. Using the scans you took of your current kitchen with your phone, they will be AI interior designers helping generate beautiful photo realistic suggestions and sourcing the materials and furniture. We have generated several design options for you to choose from. They'll also be AI customer service agents, making the interaction more engaging and personal or digital health care workers who will check on patients, providing timely personalized care. I did forget to mention to the doctor that I am allergic to penicillin. Is it still okay to take the medications? The antibiotics you've been prescribed, Ciprofloxacin and metronidazole don't contain penicillin, so it's perfectly safe for you to take them. And they'll even be AI brand ambassadors, setting the next marketing and advertising trends. Hi, I'm Ima, Japan's first virtual model. New breakthroughs in generative AI and computer graphics let digital humans see, understand and interact with us in human like ways. Hmm. From what I can see, it looks like you're in some kind of recording or production setup. The foundation of digital humans are AI models built on multilingual speech recognition and synthesis and LLMs that understand and generate conversation. The AIs connect to another generative AI to dynamically animate a lifelike 3D mesh of a face. And finally, AI models that reproduce lifelike appearances, enabling real time path traced subsurface scattering to simulate the way light penetrates the skin, scatters and exits at various points, giving skin its soft and translucent appearance. NVIDIA ACE is a suite of digital human technologies packaged as easy to deploy, fully optimized microservices or NIMs. Developers can integrate ACE NIMs into their existing frameworks, engines and digital human experiences. Nemotron SLM and LLM NIMs to understand our intent and orchestrate other models. Reva Speech NIMs for interactive speech and translation. Audio to face and gesture NIMs for facial and body animation. And Omniverse RTX with DLSS for neural rendering of skin and hair. ACE NIMs run on NVIDIA GDN, a global network of NVIDIA accelerated infrastructure that delivers low latency digital human processing to over 100 regions. Every single time data generation grows, the amount of computation that we have to offer needs to grow with it. We are about to enter a phase where AIs can learn the laws of physics and understand and be grounded in physical world data. And so we expect that models will continue to grow and we need larger GPUs. Well, Blackwell was designed for this generation. This is Blackwell and has several very important technologies. One, of course, is just the size of the chip. We took two of the largest, a chip that is as large as you can make it at TSMC, and we connected two of them together. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Blackwell. Blackwell is in production. Incredible amounts of technology. This is the MGX system and here's the two Blackwell boards. This one node has four Blackwell chips. Let me talk about what's next. The next wave of AI is physical AI. AI that understands the laws of physics. AI that can work among us. And so they have to understand the world model so that they understand how to interpret the world, how to perceive the world. They have to, of course, have excellent cognitive capabilities so they can understand us, understand what we asked and perform the tasks. In the future, robotics is a much more pervasive idea. Of course, when I say robotics, there's a humanoid robotics that's usually the representation of that. But that's not at all true. Everything is going to be robotic. All of the factories will be robotic. The factories will orchestrate robots and those robots will be building products that are robotic. Robots interacting with robots, building products that are robotic. The era of robotics has arrived. One day, everything that moves will be autonomous. Researchers and companies around the world are developing robots powered by physical AI. Physical AIs are models that can understand instructions and autonomously perform complex tasks in the real world. Multimodal LLMs are breakthroughs that enable robots to learn, perceive and understand the world around them and plan how they'll act. And from human demonstrations, robots can now learn the skills required to interact with the world using gross and fine motor skills. One of the integral technologies for advancing robotics is reinforcement learning. Just as LLMs need RLHF or reinforcement learning from human feedback, to learn particular skills, generative physical AI can learn skills using reinforcement learning from physics feedback in a simulated world. These simulation environments are where robots learn to make decisions by performing actions in a virtual world that obeys the laws of physics. In these robot gyms, a robot can learn to perform complex and dynamic tasks safely and quickly, refining their skills through millions of acts of trial and error. We built NVIDIA Omniverse as the operating system where physical AIs can be created. Omniverse is a development platform for virtual world simulation, combining real-time, physically based rendering. Physics simulation and generative AI technologies. In Omniverse, robots can learn how to be robots. They learn how to autonomously manipulate objects with precision, such as grasping and handling objects. Or navigate environments autonomously, finding optimal paths while avoiding obstacles and hazards. Learning in Omniverse minimizes the sim-to-real gap and maximizes the transfer of learned behavior. Building robots with generative physical AI requires three computers. NVIDIA AI supercomputers to train the models. NVIDIA Jetson Auron and next generation Jetson Thor robotic supercomputer to run the models. And NVIDIA Omniverse, where robots can learn and refine their skills in simulated worlds. We build the platforms, acceleration libraries, and AI models needed by developers and companies. And allow them to use any or all of the stacks that suit them best. The next wave of AI is here. Robotics, powered by physical AI, will revolutionize industries. This is happening all over Taiwan. Foxconn is building digital twins of their factories. Delta is building digital twins of their factories. By the way, half is real, half is digital, half is Omniverse. Pegatron is building digital twins of their robotic factories. Wishtron is building digital twins of their robotic factories. And this is really cool. This is a video of Foxconn's new factory. Let's take a look. Foxconn, the world's largest electronics manufacturer, is gearing up to meet this demand by building robotic factories with NVIDIA Omniverse and AI. Factory planners use Omniverse to integrate facility and equipment data from leading industry applications like Siemens TeamCenterX and Autodesk Revit. In the digital twin, they optimize floor layout and line configurations and locate optimal camera placements to monitor future operations with NVIDIA Metropolis-powered vision AI. Virtual integration saves planners on the enormous cost of physical change orders. During construction, the Foxconn teams use the digital twin as the source of truth to communicate and validate accurate equipment layout. The Omniverse digital twin is also the robot gym where Foxconn developers train and test NVIDIA Isaac AI applications for robotic perception and manipulation and Metropolis AI applications for sensor fusion. In Omniverse, Foxconn simulates two robot AIs before deploying runtimes to jets and computers. On the assembly line, they simulate Isaac manipulator libraries and AI models for automated optical inspection for object identification, defect detection, and trajectory planning. To transfer HGX systems to the test pods, they simulate Isaac Perceptor-powered ferrobot AMRs as they perceive and move about their environment with 3D mapping and reconstruction. With Omniverse, Foxconn builds their robotic factories that orchestrate robots running on NVIDIA Isaac to build NVIDIA AI supercomputers, which in turn train Foxconn's robots. Taiwan builds computers with keyboards. You build computers for your pocket. You build computers for data centers in the cloud. In the future, you're going to build computers that walk and computers that roll around. And so these are all just computers. And as it turns out, the technology is very similar to the technology of building all of the other computers that you already built today. So this is going to be a really extraordinary journey for us. Well, I want to thank I want to thank I want to I've made one last video if you don't mind. Taiwan Taiwan Taiwan Taiwan Thank you. I love you guys. Thank you.