 You lose more money holding other altcoins or shitcoins or trying to follow the trends. Life-changing type of wealth creation. I think that this is something that will be huge in the future because it's very easy for the mainstream investor to understand it. But you have to jump when it's started. Hello, it's Bonnie. In this episode, we'll be talking to one of the most interesting people I've ever met in crypto. He's from Spain. He gave out a lot of big coins on the street to random people when it was dirt cheap. So that's how long he's been in crypto. He's worked at Binance, FTX and now at CoinCall, a platform that focuses on crypto options trading. You might be wondering why. Maybe because Bloomberg says options trading is the hottest thing right now on Wall Street. Since he has seen all the bear and bull markets, I'm going to ask him to predict the next bull run. Let's welcome Cheviar. Hi. Let's talk about how long you've been in crypto and what's the journey like. Well, I was lucky to start early actually because I was still at the university. It was in 2012 when I first knew about Bitcoin and I was reading articles about finance because I had graduated in economics. So I came across an article that was talking about a euro for Africa. So the same that we have in Europe, but for Africa. And they were talking about a digital currency that was going to be used among the population there, using their mobile phones, because almost no one had a bank account. And I was very interested about this. And this was called Bitcoin. After I graduated a few years later, I started working or writing for Cointelegraph, first in Spanish and then in English. I had a blog about economics. So a few years later, I also joined Binance in 2019. I was one of the early employees, one of the first 300. Now I believe they have more than 8000 people. It's huge. It's a different company, I would say. But back then it was more like a startup. And I was at Binance until 2022 when I decided to join FTX. I left Binance because I spent there three years. I thought it was the right time to move on. During my last weeks, I got an offer from a former colleague from Binance that was working at FTX. And they told me that they were opening the market in Europe, that they were looking for people. So I decided to jump. But then it was a good decision, I must say. I don't regret it. Nobody could know what was going to happen, but I enjoyed the short trip at FTX. After that, like everyone, I also lost money. My family lost money. So I decided to go on my own. Like more or less one month later, after the FTX crash, I got a message from a colleague. And he told me that there was a company called Coin Call that was very interesting, that I should talk to the CEO and have a call. So I had a call with the CEO. He convinced me because there's something that FTX missed. It was the custody of users' funds. Coin Call doesn't have the custody of users' funds. And that was very important for me after what happened. At least here, we cannot repeat what happened at FTX. We don't need to do any proof of reserve because we don't have the custody. And what Coin Call uses is an external company called Cobo that is specialized in the custody of users' funds. It has insurance. So it's much better. And I felt more confident. What's the difference between these three exchanges? Because I feel like they're so different. Binance, as I was there for three years, the first early stage when I joined, it was a pure startup. Binance didn't have anything like only spot, no margin, no futures, nothing. They started growing really fast in 2020 during the COVID. You could realize that it was starting to be a different company, more corporate. That's why I thought it was time to move to a different place or to have a break. And what I found at FTX was the early Binance. Even though FTX was huge, was the second biggest exchange and was growing really fast, they were only 400 employees. Binance was more or less 8,000. So only 400 people were doing the job of 8,000 people at Binance. So it was very surprising to me. And CoinCall, it's even more a startup because CoinCall is just starting. So I had the opportunity to live what I couldn't live at FTX or Binance, which was the beginning of the project. The pure beginning before the launch, the plan of the strategy, everything. CoinCall was a very small company when I joined. They were only, I think, 20 people. I was probably the second higher or third higher in the marketing team. I see a pattern here. So you love the startup environment. Yes, I love the beginnings. I love because it's the moment where you can be more creative. You can do more things. You have more growth possibilities for your personal career. And the most important one is that you learn a lot. You learn a lot because you have to do everything. Talking about doing everything, you're also a very OG YouTuber, crypto YouTuber. I was just looking at your channel and you posted your first crypto content like six years ago. Or seven? Yes, in 2016. Yeah. How has that been? When I started learning about crypto, all the content was mainly in English. I previously had a blog about Binance where I wrote about Bitcoin and I decided to move from the writing part to the video content. So that's why I created the video channel. Are you planning on continuing this journey? I'm planning to do so. Now I have time. I had to stop the channel when I joined Binance because of the conflict of interest. I want to do more about entertainment. In 2016, I decided to hide bitcoins in Barcelona, in the streets of Barcelona. How did you do that? Yeah, I knew you were going to ask this. I created paper wallets. It was a way to store crypto, mainly Bitcoin. Most of the time, one use wallet. So I created these paper wallets. I sent some bitcoins. We're talking about a decent amount of money right now because I think back then it was 0.2 bitcoins for some wallets. So it's a lot of money. And I printed the paper wallets and I hide them in the streets of Barcelona, like under a bench or on a light or in different places. It's on YouTube. And even Cointelegraph wrote an article about this. And I thought it was a very fun experience to know about Bitcoin, to have your first bitcoins. So you gave out a lot of bitcoins. That's what I hear. I lost a lot on my way, on my journey. Hey, you had fun. So you're more like a preacher. You teach people and you educate. What is your main goal being in crypto? Because I assume you're in crypto long enough to just retire and sit on the beach all day. But you're still here educating. So what is pushing you? So unfortunately, I did a lot of mistakes during my years. This is something very common when you hear someone telling you that I bought Bitcoin in 2012, Ethereum in 2016, things like this. People think that you are a super millionaire, but they forget that you also sold or you gave away like I did bitcoins to people. So why I'm into crypto? I wouldn't lie if I wouldn't say to make money. So I think to make money is one of the reasons, but also because it's my hobby. I like it. I like what crypto means. I like the philosophy of this ecosystem. I like what Bitcoin represents for the freedom of the people. I'm very scared about CODCs and all this stuff. Holding Bitcoin and other crypto might be a solution or kind of an escape for some of us in the future. I have dreams, expensive dreams sometimes, and I think crypto is going to pay for them. What was one of them? Both. Go to the States, for example. Oh, really? Yeah. Okay. Okay. That is very expensive. So let's say you meet someone in their early 30s, normal paying job, and they come across cryptocurrency for the very first time. What do you suggest them to do the first two months? To learn all they can to learn, to learn and to learn. And if they want, they can try with small amounts because at the end, if you practice, you learn faster. It's very easy, but everything is free on the internet. All the content is free. So you don't need to pay any expensive course or something like this. On YouTube, you have all the content. Today is 2023. It's not 2015 or 2016. You have a lot of content about cryptocurrencies. So go there and go online and check. You've worked at Binance FTX CoinCall and CoinCall is different because it's focusing on options and futures. Right? Yes. These are very complicated financial tools. Can you explain to us in very simple terms, what are the differences between these two? The main difference between futures and options trading is that futures are a contract that obligates, that's very important, the buyer to purchase or sell an asset. At a specified date. Okay. And price while options give the buyer the right, but not the obligation to purchase or sell this asset at a specified price and time. So basically with futures, you have the obligation with options. You don't have the obligation. You have the right to buy something in the future. If we talk about personality, how would you describe the different personality between like an option trader and a futures trader? I would say futures is a short term trader, maybe for options, I would say that is more long term. Options are less risky than futures. So probably someone who's less risk averse will prefer options. So almost all crypto exchanges offer perpetual contracts, right? So a lot of people in crypto, they're more used to this tool. But why aren't more exchanges offering options trading? I think it was a trend. So before Binance made futures mainstream, because I think it was Binance in 2020, futures were already available on BitMEX, for example. Yeah, it's just a matter of the timing. If back then Binance decided to start with options rather than futures, we'd be talking right now that futures is the next thing and everything. So you don't think options are harder? I think that maybe you have more things to learn in options. If you already know futures, options shouldn't be very difficult. If you're starting from zero, it's new content from you. So it's the same if you learn options and if you learn futures. I come across this Bloomberg report that says options are the next big thing or is already the next big thing on Wall Street. Why is that? What's your take on this? In crypto, options trading is very small, still very small. In the future, this trend will change and options will be a huge percentage of the crypto trading volume. So that's why I wanted to jump in early. When people start realizing that options are less risky and are not that difficult, they will prefer options than futures. Is that your personal preference as well? Right now, yes. I mean, before CoinCall, I was only trading futures, but since I joined CoinCall, I started learning about options because I have to say that I didn't know about options before. I knew what options were, but I didn't trade options. This vision that CoinCall has convinced me and also the data on traditional finance, it's a clear proof. Options is a huge part of the market. Because I have a few friends that are option traders and honestly, they work an hour a day. And I'm like, how do you even do that? I'm so jealous. Right. That's another thing. You don't need to pay attention all the time to be liquidated for market moves or things like this because you have an expiration date in your options contract. And until that date, you can decide if you do the purchase or not all these options. Let's talk about futures first. What are the data and stats you will look out for before you start a trade? Well, I would say first what cryptocurrency I want to trade. I will check also any related news. You always have to pay attention on the news. Analyze the chart, check the trends, check also the liquidations. How are they positioned? And many things, it depends on each crypto. So what's your approach on setting stop losses? Why is it so hard for people to admit that they're wrong? Well, I think you answered the question. So how greedy are you if you know when it's enough? Everyone should fix a target for the profits that they want to take. It's a matter of managing your risk very well. How do you decide when to take profit personally? I don't do more than 10%. I think 5 to 10% in my personal opinion, it's quite safe sometimes. I think that is right. Like manage your risk and, you know, everyone has different risk tolerance and people should just understand that. Now we can talk about options. So if a newbie comes to you and be like, I want to learn options. Where should I start? What would you suggest? Of course I will suggest to join CoinCall because something that we have and other platforms that offer options don't have is a personalized master classes and tutors that you can join or telegram chat, have a conversation with us, you can chat with a tutor and you can ask him whatever you want. And we do weekly master classes, again, open to everyone and you can join and you can learn and you can ask whatever you want and then you can decide to join CoinCall and test what you have learned or to practice. So I would recommend everyone that want to learn about options to join us. We also offer altcoin options and this is not something that other platforms do. Usually all the other platforms, they have only Bitcoin and Ethereum. We do have also altcoins. What type of altcoins? So for example, for options for altcoins right now, you have Solana, you have Lodgecoin, you have XRP, Litecoin, Matic, Link, Tron, Bitcoin Cash, Filecoin and Cache. So that's a lot. Yeah. To be options, it's a lot of cryptos. So if you want to trade something else than Bitcoin and Ethereum on options, CoinCall is your exchange. When you say a tutor, are we talking about a real person? Yes. Or not AI? No, no, no, no, no, no. You can see them live. They show their face. Should we look at options as a speculation tool or a hedge? Before knowing about options, I thought it was more about the speculation. But now that I learned about options, I think it's more commonly used as hedge by traders. Of course, everything is speculation when we talk about crypto. But I mean, compared to futures, it's much less. So can you tell us the advantages of options? The first one is the limited risk and unlimited profits. You have also portfolio coverage. Options also allow you to benefit from a stable market price. What's the disadvantages? So probably options require a little bit more of knowledge because you have more things to review before opening positions, let's say. Right. Again, if you know already about futures options, it's very easy. When you open a futures position, you don't pay a premium. You pay maybe the fees, but that's it. When you trade options, you pay a premium for the right to buy or sell this asset in the future. Tell us about CoinCall. CoinCall is a new exchange that was launched this year, 2023. It was launched at the end of June. It's a very young company with good professionals because we have former employees from Binance, from FTX, from BitGit, from Derivit, from OKX, also people from GPMorgan, from Citadel. So it's not only a crypto, but also corporate. And we have also former KuCoin employees. A bit of everything. I think the most professional people from other platforms came together to build what is CoinCall today. The vision of CoinCall is again that options trading will be huge in the future. So we want to be in the best position, in the right position when this happens for the next bull run. We also offer futures and recently we added spot trading. Our main focus is options trading. And this is why we decided to offer options for altcoins. That's something that other platforms don't do. The custody of users' funds that we don't have the custody of users' funds. And there's a third company which has insurance over the funds that custodies the users' funds. Do you see other exchanges doing the same thing or is this a very special thing you guys are doing? I think that in the future, when they realize that this will be the new trend, they will jump into it. Yes. Big exchanges are already offering a few of them, options for Bitcoin and Ethereum. But I don't think they are paying a lot of attention or the attention that it really requires. Who are you targeting? Are you targeting experienced users or newbies? We are targeting both. And this is why we have launched the altcoin options trading. And this is why we have tutors. So we have the tutors for the newbies. Newbies meaning users who never traded any derivative product, but also users that are already trading futures, right? For both. For this part, we have the tutors, we have a bit of a dedicated academy team. And for the professional traders or the ones that are already trading options, we try to provide as many tools as possible for them. Also discount in trading fees. Can you summarize 2023 in one word, the crypto market? I don't want to say regulation because I think that next year will be regulation. So this year would be something like the crypto market. So this year would be something like preparation for the regulation. Oh, I like that. Like doing your homework for the next year. I feel like everyone who's still in crypto after this long bear market is preparing for something big. So I like that word. But I think that next year in the main markets, we are going to start to see like the requirements of licenses for every exchange to be compliant, to basically be regulated. Maybe not the beginning of the year, but at the end of the year. So I would say that 2023 was the preparation for 2024 because it also includes the preparation for a potential bull run, halving of the Bitcoin. Everything is going to happen next year. I'm very hyped, to be honest. So you think the bull run hasn't started yet? I don't think so. Really? No, I don't think so. Based on my previous experience in other cycles, I think that everything happens after, like the big jump happens after the Bitcoin halving. Is there any indicators that indicates the train is starting? What are some indicators that we might be able to see? Capitalization of Bitcoin. I think that's something that a lot of people use to see if the altcoin season is starting or not, or when it's going to happen, like the percentage of the market capitalization of Bitcoin versus the other altcoins. Can you elaborate more on that? When the percentage of the market capitalization of Bitcoin is really high and the altcoins is low, it's probably a good moment to jump into altcoins because not undervaluated, but it's a good moment to buy altcoins, let's say. Okay. When the percentage of the market capitalization of altcoins is increasing a lot and Bitcoin is going down, then it's probably the right moment to sell or you are reaching the end of the altcoin season. So it's not very specific, but you could see maybe a market trend. So it's not too late to enter the market now? It's never too late. I like to educate everyone. Maybe sometimes I'm even annoying because I only speak about cryptocurrencies with the people that I meet. When I talk to people, that's a very common question. Like, but now they tell me, now it's too late. It's very expensive. They have been saying this to me for the last six, seven years. I think it's never late. What is your personal investing style? Do you hold or big cap, small cap? How do you arrange or allocate your assets? Right now I'm into Bitcoin and Ethereum only and USDP, but I don't count it. Most of the time you lose more money holding other altcoins or shitcoins or trying to follow the trends. In the past, I was more like a trader gambler. Let's say now I would say I'm more like a holder, but I keep trading sometimes and waiting patiently for the next cycle. That is very interesting because hearing from someone who's been in the market for this long, a lot of people are planning different strategies for the next bull market. They want to put 5% in each shitcoin and hopefully one of them will shoot up. So you don't think this is a good strategy personally for yourself? Well, this is a bet actually. So a bet could go wrong most of the times, but could go really well. Right. If you are lucky, then you are going to make a lot of money more than if you just buy Bitcoin or Ethereum. But most of the time these shitcoins don't go anywhere. So it's just a bet. Do you look at new narratives and like, for example, what's crazy in Asia right now, the BRC20, ARC, SRC20, like all that new thing coming out. Do you pay attention to those things? Yes. If I have time, it depends on the time that you have, you could dedicate this time to learn more about the new trends. For example, one of the new ones that is very interesting to me are the real world assets, like for example, tokenized real estate. And I think that this is something that will be huge in the future because it's very easy for the mainstream investor to understand this. I didn't mean that I'm not open to all these other things. For example, something that I like to do is to farm airdrops. CoinCore is doing actually an airdrop next year. Right now you can farm the CoinCore token that is going to launch in Q1 2024. Not a specific date yet. Everyone has the possibility right now to farm this token in our platform. You accumulate credits and you can change this in the future for CoinCore token. And it's free. But if you want to earn more credits or faster, then you can trade and you can do deposits and you earn more credits. So if you want to farm a new token that is for sure going to launch, CoinCore is your option. Are you heavily invested in crypto right now? Or do you have a lot of USDT waiting to get into the market? I'm heavily invested. Probably 90 to 95% of my investment is in crypto right now. Wow. Yes. You're all in. I think that's too much, but this is my personal bet for the next year. Okay. It's good to just hear people's personal opinion. Of course, it's not financial advice, but I'm sure you're in the market longer than most people. Or definitely a lot longer than I am in the market. So it's good to hear your perspective. Are we going to see old coins going to new highs or are we going to see a bunch of new coins shooting up? Both things, I think the strong ones will reach new highs. It happened before already. And we will see the, let's say the surge of new coins that are not now in the top 20, top 25, and that's very easy to see if you go to, for example, coin market cap. You can see historical market caps. You can check 2019, for example, you will see that the top 20 is very different to what we have today and it will happen the same in the next year or two. So the strong ones will remain with rich new alt and highs, and we will see new opportunities. Of course, people will make money with new coins that are not created yet. How do you foresee the crypto market in 2024? If you can describe it, what do you think it's going to look like? So I think that then 2024 will be really high. Everyone is expecting the next year to happen a lot of exciting things. Not only the potential ETF and the for sure Bitcoin halving, we are reaching the end of this bear market and we see the light at the end of the tunnel. But we just don't know when, when it's going to happen. But I think that 2024 will be exciting for many reasons. You've seen a lot of bull and bear markets. The next bull market, there is a new thing called Bitcoin spot ETF. What's your take on the potential approval on this ETF? I think 2024 will be the year. It's already priced in. The people know about it. Most important will be the, what happens months after, not right after the Bitcoin halving. So you don't think this ETF will be a buy the news type event. It might be a sell the news type event. Probably it will cause a short term bump because of the news. But I think that everyone knows that it's going to be approved. They just don't know when, but everyone knows that it's going to happen. It's already priced in that again, we are going to see probably a small bump on price when it happens, when they announce it. And it's very important when it happens, because if it happens right before the Bitcoin halving or after, things could be different. So it also depends on when it's going to happen, but that is going to happen. I'm 100% sure. What I'm hearing right now, you don't think it's going to be like a life changing type of wealth creation. It could be, it could make people money, but it's not like the last bull market, which was like 20 X or like a thousand X. I don't think so. If it happens, welcome. It's like, yeah, of course, of course. Fantastic. I'm not saying that I don't want it. I really want it. But in my opinion, I don't think that it will cause a big bump. Is it risky when the whole market is anticipating the same event and everyone thinks it's going to happen? It makes me a little concerned and worried. I'm like, Hey, everyone thinks it's going to happen. Does that mean it's, I don't know. The big players, they already know what to do. You know that everyone knows that something big is going to happen, but no one is going to be the first. You will see like a market bump and then you will know at that moment that it's starting, but you or me, we are not going to know when it's going to happen. I'm talking about the general market trend. Okay. General vision. You don't have to anticipate this, but you have to jump when it's started. You can get into a train when it's stopped, right. And wait for this to happen, but you are going to be waiting there. You don't know how for how long, right? But if you jump while the train it's already starting to run, you are for sure going somewhere. Is there anything else you would like to share with the audience? Any last thoughts? Take your time always to learn about crypto when you decide to invest, when you decide to try new products, futures options, whatever products you want to use, be patient because if you're FOMO, that's not good. And everything is free on the internet. So go there, learn, dedicate the hours that you need, take your time. And when you are ready, jump into, into crypto. It's great talking to you. I always learn so much when I talk to people who's been in the market for a long time. It's very refreshing talking to you and thank you for being here. Thank you very much for inviting me. It was fun. Um, yeah, it's hope. I let's hope we can repeat this in the future.