 I think it's important to value your portfolio in sats and not US dollars. What I do is I buy Bitcoin and then any time it's between. But here's the trick. A lot of people think about getting into the market, they're fine to DCAN. But when it comes to the selling, people don't ever think about DCAN out. The ROI of Bitcoin from the bottom, it's actually tracking the 2016-2017 cycle almost perfectly at this point. But then I would guess that the Federal Reserve would end quantitative tightening while you would probably see altcoins outperform Bitcoin. But in order for the Fed to end quantitative tightening, you have to have a scare in the market first. But I think this is why the cycle feels different to a lot of people's. This reminds me of the argument of you and Michael Saylor. There's a lot of people that just kind of log on to TradingView and they're like, they'll just draw the lines and that's it. I actually do think a lot of that is useless. I think the best thing is. Got the whole crypto world going wild. Honeybug Jane, she's the queen of the game. Stacking crypto like it's her claim to fame. If you want success, then take a look away. Hi, Ben. How's it going? I'm very excited to talk to you today because I refer you as the chart guy and you're very known for being rational and data driven, right? I was looking at your YouTube channel, the About page, and I saw that you have a background in science, engineering and programming. Crazy, huh? And you also started into the Cryptoverse, which is a platform with all the charts and insights for crypto investors. Before we dive into all of this, dive into all of that, I wanna know who is behind the charts and I wanna start with your story. What were you doing before crypto and before YouTube? Sure, so college, I studied math. Kind of first got interested into crypto and stuff because of that background, right? I took a cryptography class back in like 2011 and I think that was when I first got interested in the ideas. I majored in math, minored in physics and then I went to grad school where I got a master's in nuclear engineering and then a PhD in nuclear engineering. So I did several different like internships. I worked a little bit at like NASA Langley in Virginia and then a little bit at NASA Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas, where I know it's a mouthful but basically I programmed like the lunar rover component of a distributed space simulation. And then eventually I graduated with my PhD. My PhD dissertation was on radiation damage in ceramics using molecular dynamics and in-situ transmission electron microscopy. So I did that and I graduated with my PhD in 2018 and then I started a postdoc at the national labs where I basically focused on high energy density physics and like equation of state models. So in 2019, while I was doing my postdoc that I started the YouTube channel. I remember starting it the summer of 2019. I had just gone to a conference where I presented some of my research and then after I presented it I decided to start a YouTube channel talking about crypto. Why? I mean, at the time that the goal was just to basically help people. I don't know, I always found just like plotting some of the different metrics against each other like really interesting. And also like I'd been burned a lot in the path of crypto like buying things I probably shouldn't have bought like FOMOing in at the tops. I think we've all sort of done that at some point or another. So, I found I'd made a lot of mistakes and I still do make mistakes, right? I'm not perfect. But yeah, I just wanted to like, make a channel, try to help people and it took off. And I ended up doing the YouTube channel and still doing my full-time job at the labs. I actually got promoted from a postdoc to a senior member of the staff, like a scientist. And surely after getting that promotion, I quit. And I quit my job in 2021. Basically what happened is I was working on the YouTube stuff and trying to like grow that. I was also working on my professional career. And I quickly just got to the point where I was like, I can't do both. You know, I mean like, I at least I can't do both in a good way. Like I can't give my best to both things, right? So I have to pick one or the other. When I first started YouTube, it was just like a side gig. I would make like one video every week or every two weeks. You know, it wasn't like a big deal. And then, you know, the Fed printed, well, I guess I started my channel before the Fed started to print all that money. But because the Fed printed so much money, you know, it just made all the markets go up a lot. And a lot of attention came to crypto. So then I quit my job in 2021 and I've just been doing this full-time ever since 2021. So that's the story. You drop a lot of big words earlier and I was just nodding like I pretend to understand. Okay, a guy as smart as you, why didn't you pick stocks? Why crypto? So originally I was interested in stocks and I still am. I mean, I still have like sizable stock portfolio. I think the reason why I chose to talk more about crypto was because it felt, and I think my view on this is wrong actually, but at the time it felt like the market was saturated with people talking about the stock market. And I'm like, you know, there's already a lot of really smart people talking about the stock market. What value could I possibly provide, you know, just by sort of reiterating some of the main points that people have learned over the last several decades. So I was like, well, what if I apply sort of like a, or try to apply a rational approach to the markets into the crypto markets where it's kind of like the wild, wild west, you know? And it's just, everything's really volatile and no one really knows what they're doing, but we're just kind of hoping to get in and get out and make some money. And actually the real thing is when I started my channel, I wasn't even talking about Bitcoin because I thought the market was also saturated with Bitcoin analysts. So I actually started talking about like, like other cryptocurrencies because I'm like, well, there's already a thousand people that talk about Bitcoin. Why do people care what I have to say? But yeah, I mean- Your first video was on Ethereum. Well, that's the first video that's still public, yes. Oh, right, okay. So small caps. Yeah, but I mean, not like super, most of them were not that small. Some projects back in 2019 I found interesting. I mean, I think probably 10 people watched some of those videos back then. And some of those projects are still around today. But I just decided to focus more on larger, like higher market cap things. And as my channel grew, I felt like I had a responsibility to only focus on higher market cap things because the lower market cap stuff, you start to be, I don't know if you can move the market or not, but at some point you start to question, if I make a video on this, is it going to affect the market? And I don't really want to be in that type of situation where I'm suggesting something that could theoretically affect the market. But things like Bitcoin and Ethereum, my opinion is irrelevant. It doesn't really matter. The market's so much bigger than me. So it made it a lot easier to talk about. A lot of KOLs or YouTubers, they wanna dump on their viewers. Yeah, I mean, so I guess the point is, why do people join? I mean, why did I start the channel? I started to help people, right? Actually, I truly wanna help people, not just pretend like I do. One of the things the space really lacks right now is people that actually are genuine and aren't just trying to be a sellout and create a meme coin and then rug their followers. We have enough of that. And honestly, I feel like it makes the space somewhat of a joke at times because when you talk about crypto people that aren't really into it that much, they don't really know that much. The news they're seeing isn't necessarily like Bitcoin. They're basically seeing all these meme coins that are launching and like, oh, what's the latest meme coin? And that's what a lot of people think of. So, I mean, hopefully we can get to a point where the asset class is a little bit more mature. It just makes sense to not screw people over, try to actually help. And I think people actually appreciate that. I know a lot of people will do things and sort of for the short-term gain, I can't imagine any of them look back on it and think that they're happy they did it. Yeah. Well, you seem very rational. But you said you made some mistakes in the past and you fomoned. I wanna know what are some mistakes you've made and have you ever struggled with emotional bias? Yeah, absolutely. I think some mistakes I've made include things like bullish for too long in a bull market, staying bearish for too long in a bear market, buying altcoins and assuming they're gonna go up forever, right? Now I basically just assume that altcoins are oscillators at best against Bitcoin. So like best case scenario, they just kind of oscillate in a range. Most of them don't just go up forever against Bitcoin. They might have a cycle or two where they go up against Bitcoin, but usually they start to decay against Bitcoin over a long and a period of time. So I didn't used to think that. I mean, I used to think that altcoins could gain on Bitcoin for more than just a couple of cycles, but I don't believe that anymore. There could be one or two exceptions out there. But for the most part, the market just bleeds back to Bitcoin over a long and a period of time. And I think that I also used to sort of value my portfolio in US dollars, but I think it makes a lot more sense to value it in satoshis. So like if you value it in satoshis, it makes investing in crypto a lot easier because rather than throw all your money into like altcoins that are bleeding against Bitcoin during this phase of the market cycle. Like there are other phases of the cycle where altcoins outperform Bitcoin, but we haven't really seen that this cycle for the most part, at least not in any durable fashion. So, you know, I think it's important to value your portfolio in sats and not US dollars. And I think, you know, when I used to value it in US dollars, it was easier to make emotional decisions because I would, you know, I watched the price be cut in half. There goes like half my portfolio or, you know, half my, at least net worth in crypto is just gone. But if you value it in terms of satoshis and you kind of operate under the understanding that Bitcoin will generally go up as a function of time, then those moves in the market, right, if you're watching it and the market drops 50%, if you just look at your satoshi valuation, you're not gonna really see that same thing. So it takes a while to sort of train your mind to not think in terms of US dollars. I think a lot of people say they don't, but then like the minute the market drops 10%, all of a sudden they value their portfolio in US dollars again. But I do think that was a mistake. You just kind of see things come and go, right? People thinking that something's gonna flip Bitcoin. It hasn't happened in 16 years. And I just, I don't think it's gonna happen. And if it ever does happen, it's probably not anytime soon, you know? So I think on any reasonable time scale, Bitcoin will stay number one. Anytime people start really talking about the flippening, whether it was for Ethereum or for Solana, it's usually a good time to think that it might start to stall out against Bitcoin soon and then go back the other way. So I do think one other thing is, and I still struggle to sometimes, I think people should be willing to admit they're wrong or change their mind about the market if the market is telling them something different. I think sometimes the mistakes I've made were just not listening to the market. Refusing to see the market in any other way than what I thought made the most amount of sense. But again, over a long and a period of time, the market humbles us all. And earlier you said sometimes you hold a coin too long, but now you have all the charts. What charts are you looking at to indicate, let's say the top? A few days ago, the market dropped and people are panicking. They're like, that was the top and I missed the top. Some people are buying the dip, but it was very confusing. Are there any charts that you look at? So here's one chart that I look at a lot. It's basically just like this risk metric of Bitcoin. And essentially, whenever it goes to the lower risk bands, this is isolating the zero to 0.2 risk bands. Whenever it goes down there, it's usually a good time to buy Bitcoin. That doesn't mean that the price can't go down after it goes into that risk band, but as long as you have a long enough time horizon, you're generally okay. And then selling when it gets to the higher risk bands can often make a lot of sense. But the reality is, is no one actually knows where the top's going to be. And so what I do is I'm looking at the risk metric this way. So I'm taking the color code out of it and just plotting it. What I do is I buy Bitcoin below 0.5 risk or 0.4, depending on like what risk tolerance I wanna take on for that period of time or that cycle. And I buy anytime it's below that level. And then anytime it's between 0.5 and 0.6 risk, I don't do anything. Like I don't buy it, but I also don't sell it. It's like, it's a little heated for me to wanna buy it, but I also don't really think it's high enough to justify selling any of it either. But above 0.6, I do start to think that profit taking can make sense. But here's the trick. A lot of people think about getting into the market, they're fine to DCAN. But when it comes to selling, people don't ever think about DCAN now. They just wanna time the top exactly. They wanna time the top exactly and then go on with their lives. But the hard part is if you, let's say you sell everything 0.65 risk, and then the market goes up to 0.9 risk, then you miss out on another two to three X move. But if it goes to 0.6 to 0.7 risk, and you don't sell anything, then like 2019, you could be left with some regrets, like watching the market and drop 70 something percent, wishing you would sell some. So what I do, essentially the strategy that I found works for me, is anytime it goes above 0.6 risk, I will sell one 10th of the Bitcoin that I'm willing to sell. Now, I have more Bitcoin than that, but there's some amount of Bitcoin that I just won't ever sell. And the reason for that is because while I have a lot of great models, or I think they're great, I also recognize that all models are wrong and some are useful, right? I mean, not only any model out there is gonna tell you what's going to happen in the market precisely. So what I would say is, by selling a small portion, one 10th, between say like the 0.6, 0.7 risk level, I can still be happy if the price goes up because I still have nine 10ths of my Bitcoin. I still have 90% of it. But there's also a small part of me that's still okay if you get a dip because I have some cash on hand, I could use it to buy Bitcoin if in fact there is a correction. And then if it goes to say like the 0.7 to 0.8 risk span, then I would then sell two 10ths, right? So 20% of the Bitcoin. And then 0.8 to 0.9, I would sell 30% and then 0.9 to one, I would sell 40%, right? The rest of whatever I'm willing to sell. Now again, at all times, I'll still own something. And I remember last cycle, basically if you follow this strategy, and what I did basically was just selling 87% of my Bitcoin by that first peak. And it was painful because, I think I was mostly out back then around like 58K, 59K, and then the market like slowly went up for another like month or two, definitely making me like a little concerned. So like there's the emotional part, right? I was like looking at the model and I'm like, it seems like this should be a cycle top, but the price just keeps going a little bit higher. But then ultimately you can see what happened like the market eventually came crashing back down. So this, and this was back when a lot of people were calling for like 300K, right? 300K Bitcoin back in 2021 was a popular narrative. And it certainly felt like I was going to get left behind by parting with 87% of the Bitcoin. But you fast forward a year later and you're like, actually, it made a lot of sense. So the reason why I like this is because there's so much news all the time, and it can be confusing as to figure out like, I mean, I think the news is interesting and I follow it, but I don't really think the news is like the best thing to use for investing, right? Because like, it's always changing and oftentimes, when bad news is coming out, the market's going up, and when good news is coming out, the market's going down. So it doesn't always work how people think. And there's other risk metrics as well. One of my other favorite ones, I mean, I have like on-chain risk metrics. So basically like this just takes all the on-chain data for Bitcoin, which is kind of cool because Bitcoin has all this on-chain data that you can look at, right? Like the Puyall multiple, the MVRV score, the MVRVZ score, transaction fees, terminal price, minor cap to thermocap, and then like, this is the minor cap to thermocap, and then market cap to thermocap. And so basically, if you look at all of them and you create risk metrics for all of them, it looks something like that, which is kind of confusing. But then if you average them out into one risk metric, it looks like that. And so it really does help identify, you know, major lows in the market. And then it also tells you when the market is getting somewhat heated, you know? So this is essentially what I use to navigate crypto, right, risk metrics. I just stick to those. And I mean, as far as Bitcoin is concerned, I just stick to the risk metrics. When it comes to altcoins, it's a little bit more nuanced, but with Bitcoin, this is what I use. And the ultimate goal is to accumulate more Bitcoin, right? So you were just mentioning when to sell, but how do you identify when to buy? Like when is the bottom? Yeah, so for that, it's just basically going back to whenever it goes below. I mean, really, anytime it goes like below 0.3 risk or 0.2 risk, it's usually pretty close to a low, a major low, right? You know, there's other interesting charts as well. Like you could look at like the running one-year ROI of Bitcoin and anytime it goes down to around 20% from a year ago, that tends to be a major cycle bottom, right? So that's another chart that you can look at. That tends to be pretty close. There's other charts as well. So we actually have some bottoming indicators on the website. So like another one could be, here's the supply and profit and loss. I mean, it looks pretty compelling, right? You can see that cycle peaks occur, you know, when these diverge and they've been diverged for a while, cycle bottoms occur, you know, when they cross each other, right? Like, so if you were to take, let's say like a 30-day moving average, anytime these moving averages are crossing each other, that usually is like the cycle bottom, right? So that's another chart you can use. There's a few more. I mean, you could look at the terminal price and the balance price. So like the terminal price is where normally Bitcoin tops out at. Anytime it goes below the balance price, that's where the market bottoms at. So in this case, whenever the price of Bitcoin goes below this orange line, that tends to be the cycle bottom. And you can see that it tagged it right there in November of 2022. So there's a lot of charts like this that you can use to at least give you an idea of what's going on. The MVRVZ score is a good metric to use, right? Anytime it goes below zero, it tends to be near a cycle bottom as well. I mean, I could certainly go on for a while. There are a lot of charts like this though. Even the Pugh multiple is a decent chart for identifying cycle bottoms, right? Anytime it goes below 0.4, that tends to be a major low in the market. Right now it's at 1.04. So I think there's enough charts out there to get a good idea when a cycle bottom is in place. In fact, you could argue that bottoms are actually a lot easier to deal with than tops because I think as humans, we all wanna remain optimistic, right? I think it's just in our nature to be optimistic. We wanna be optimistic. And because the Fed's never gonna stop printing money, there's no reason that assets like Bitcoin can't always eventually go higher, even if they do go through bear markets. So normally the cycle bottoms occur at sort of around the end of midterm years in the United States, right? So 2022, 2018, 2014. And so far cycle peaks have occurred at the end of post-having years, 2013, 2017, 2021. But if you look at history in the stock market, while the bottoms tend to be pretty consistent as to when they occur, the tops can be all over the place. So I actually think bottoms are easier to buy into than tops are to sell into. Because I feel like a lot of people get really greedy at tops. And you also don't really wanna be the person like telling people that the market crashed, because like there's one of two outcomes, right? If you're right, people are upset because they lose money. If they don't sell, right? If they just hold onto it, then they're upset. And you don't wanna like be seen as being like, well, I told you so, because it's not really a fun place to be. And if you're wrong, then you're the person that was calling for the crash and you got left behind, right? So it's not really fun being in that position. So I think bottoms are actually easier to deal with than tops because greed, dealing with greed is a really difficult thing. Are you selling now? Is it a top? I think that in this case, so if we go back and look at the risk metric, I think that the market has been a little heated because it did go back above 0.6, right? It did go back above 0.6. And I did sell some over here in that first. I thought it was sort of a mid cycle top and the market would cool off for about six to nine months. So that did work out. This, I mean, it's a little heated. I think you could justify a small portion, but it's still not as high as you would expect it to go for it to truly be a cycle top. Now there always is a risk of a left translated cycle where the peak occurs a lot earlier than people are expecting. I hope it's a right translated cycle, right? I hope that the market is able to go higher, especially later on this year. But late last year, I did say for a while that we could see a significant top January 20th. And the reason for that, and so far that has been the high, I'm not saying it's the high, but it's been at least a significant high. And the reason for the January 20th, there's a number of reasons. One, you basically are pricing in the new administration coming in. The market is basically believing in the strategic Bitcoin reserve. You had Gary Gensler resigning that week. So it almost felt like perfection was getting priced in. And then once the new administration took over, the market de-risked because now it's like, all right, what's actually going to happen? Are we going to get a strategic reserve or are we not? And what timeline is that going to be on? We could get one, but what if we don't get one until say 2028? There's no guarantee we have to get it this year. So I do think it makes sense that January 20th was at least a local top. I don't really think at this point, there's a ton of evidence to suggest that it has to be like V-top. If it's going to play out like that, I think we would get a lot of warning ahead of time. But sometimes when the market gets too heated and the froth boils to the surface, all the meme coin garbage takes over, there's always a chance that you could get a left translated cycle where the peak occurs earlier than people are actually thinking. I do think every cycle will throw us curve balls. The one thing that I sort of go back to sometimes, not because I think it's necessarily going to happen, but just because I have to imagine people 25 years ago felt the same way. If you go back and look at when the QQQ launched, this was the basket of tech stocks back during the dot com era. It had a really strong rally as well. And the rally lasted exactly 54 weeks from when the ETF launched, 54 weeks. And then you can see there was a pretty big drop after that. But the market was still able to go up for a while. It resolved into a lower high. But what's fascinating about the QQQ comparison and the reason why I think about it is because when it launched, it was right around 48. And then it topped at around 120. Now, when Bitcoin's ETF launched, if you go over to Bitcoin, the ETF launched right here on that WIC right there. So January 8th. So the reason I also suggested January 20th could be at least a local top was 54 weeks later is exactly January 20th, which is when that topic. Oh, wow. Which is exactly when the QQQ sort of topped out. Now, the markets back then were actually a lot more insane than they are now. Like it's not, they're not at the same levels as they were back then, which is why I think it is somewhat foolish to make the exact same comparison. And actually one way to view that is if you look at say like the S&P 500 divided by the money supply, you'll notice that right now we're at this level. So we're at, if you look at, so this is the S&P again divided by M2, the money supply. And if you look at this, the level of the S&P is at right now is the same level that was at in 1998, not the dot com, not March of 2000. So you can see that there was a correction in the market around this level, right? There was a correction, but ultimately the market did actually go higher. So that's why I was sort of a little cautious with Bitcoin after inauguration, not because I think it has to be the cycle top, but just because, you know, there's gonna be some de-risking going into inauguration. Also the people that bought the spot ETF January 8th, they've now reached long-term capital gains territory, right, now they can sell and they don't have to pay as much in taxes. So I figured that could be a headwind for Bitcoin for a little while. I think at this point though, when you look at Bitcoin in general, you know, this cycle has been crazy. Like we've had spot ETFs, we've had, you know, president, president, the president talking about Bitcoin, right? I mean, in a positive way, that's never really happened before. But despite everything, despite all these comparisons to the QQQ and, you know, yield curve inversion and all that other stuff, if you look at the ROI of Bitcoin from the bottom, it's actually tracking the 2016-2017 cycle almost perfectly at this point, you know? And I mean, at this point in the 2016 cycle, Bitcoin was up about the same amount that it's up this cycle. And so I go back to sort of that and I try to look at this chart to sort of keep myself in check. And then the other chart that I look at to give me some perspective on the market is this chart, which is the total market cap of crypto. And right now, it still seems like it's right around what I would call sort of the fair value, right? I think the fair value of the asset class, according to this chart, again, all models are wrong, but according to this chart, the fair value of the asset class is around 3.4 trillion and we're currently at around 3.2 trillion. So I don't really necessarily believe that it's nearly as heated as the dot-com era. I think it's possible that you could get a pullback in the market that makes people think it's over. You know, like maybe you get sort of a drop back to back to this level here and then a big bounce off of that. If you go back to the QQQ, you know, when it first got that drop right there, the structure of the market was a lot different, right? It looks a lot different than Bitcoin. Like Bitcoin was, you know, it put in this lower high structure and then eventually it broke through. The QQQ, it was sort of like a higher high structure. It looks a lot different. But what's interesting is the price level that the QQQ went down to on that WIC was 63. Now, if you look at Bitcoin, if it were to go back to this trend line right here, you know, it would correspond to around that same level. So, you know, I think worst case scenario in the short term, like absolute worst case would be, you know, a drop, but I think there would be a massive bounce off of any level that came down here. And then one final thing, I actually think the 2016, 2017 cycle has been really relevant. And so one thing to consider, and I remember this from the 2017 cycle, it was kind of scary when it happened, but in sort of in January of 2017, so January post halving year, there was a correction. And basically what happened was Bitcoin retested its prior high from the prior year, right? So from the halving year, it tested its high. I'm sure a lot of people thought it was over and then the market continued higher. So you could argue that there's a chance that history repeats. And if it does, it could mean not going back down to that trend line, but maybe just retesting the high from 2024. Maybe it just drops down here. Everyone thinks the cycle's over and then it just gets another move up. And hopefully we get a peak in Q4 of the post halving year. We get our normal midterm year bear market for whatever reason. And then we just keep on, you know, the asset class just continues to grow. So those are my general thoughts right now on the market. I mean, I think there's a chance you could get a correction by Bitcoin. And if you do though, right, here's the key thing. If you do get a correction by Bitcoin, what would likely happen is you would see a bigger correction in the altcoin market, kind of like we've been seeing over the last few weeks. But then I would guess that the Federal Reserve would end quantitative tightening. And then from that point on in whatever's left of the market cycle, you would probably see altcoins outperform Bitcoin. But in order for the Fed in quantitative tightening, you have to have a scare in the market first, right? Otherwise they have no really great reason to end quantitative tightening. So until that time, you know, I sort of just defer to just keep the crypto portfolio Bitcoin heavy until there's a reason for the Fed to end QT. Right, once quantitative tightening ends, that's where alt Bitcoin pairs will likely start to do well. And, you know, I don't know how many people, how many of your subscribers follow the Bitcoin dominance chart, but I mean, Bitcoin dominance has been going higher for years, right? So, I mean, it really goes to show that sticking with Bitcoin is really a good thing, especially until the Fed pivots from quantitative tightening to potentially quantitative easing. And the last thing is that in the last cycle, Bitcoin dominance did not top, it topped right here. And it topped exactly when the Fed went from quantitative tightening to quantitative easing. Right, that's when Bitcoin dominance topped. And so we might see the same exact thing happen this cycle. Like what exactly should we look at? So basically the Fed is reducing the size of their balance sheet, right? They're basically letting these things mature and they're not like re-buying anything. They're just letting, they're letting their assets roll off from their balance sheet. And so what's happening is you can see that their balance sheet, this blue line is dropping. Now, when it's dropping, when it's dropping, if you look at altcoins on their Bitcoin pairs, right? So this chart is total three, the altcoin market minus USDT stablecoin divided by the market cap of Bitcoin. What you'll notice is that they tend to bottom out whenever the altcoin market is equivalent to 25% of Bitcoin's market cap. And altcoins top out whenever they collectively reach a market cap that is basically parity with Bitcoin, right? So whenever the altcoin market cap total is the same market cap as Bitcoin, that's where the altcoin market tops out against Bitcoin. And it bottoms out whenever the altcoin market is worth 25% of Bitcoin's market cap. So what I'm just saying is that, you know, until we, and you can see that alt Bitcoin pairs last cycle, they bottomed exactly when that pivot by the Fed occurred, right? Down here, alt Bitcoin pairs are bleeding. Here, the Fed went into quantitative easing, and then altcoins started to go up against Bitcoin. So my guess is that the same thing's happening this cycle, right? Alt Bitcoin pairs continue to bleed. They actually just put on a new low this week. And I think the reason you saw this low is because last week, or two weeks ago, whenever it was, Jerome Powell came out and said, no, you know, we're not stopping, right? We're gonna continue quantitative tightening. And I think a lot of people were hoping that with the new administration, that there would be some type of pressure for quantitative tightening to end. Turns out there hasn't been. And so we got another drop by altcoins against Bitcoin. So what I'm suggesting is that the only way to see altcoins go up against Bitcoin collectively, I mean, not the only way, but like, this is the narrative I've been sticking with for the last three years and it's worked out. But the way I see it is that the way for altcoins to do well against Bitcoin is for the Fed to end quantitative tightening, which they have not done. But in order for the Fed to end quantitative tightening, you have to have a drop in the markets because otherwise the Fed just has no really great reason to end quantitative tightening. Right. So until that time occurs, you're probably better off with Bitcoin than altcoins because if Bitcoin goes down, alts will drop more. And if Bitcoin goes, and if alts go up, it's only because Bitcoin went up first. Right. So that's why I think Bitcoin dominance is important because that allows people to just basically stick with the king and watch everything else bleed back to Bitcoin until we reach the point in the cycle where altcoins start to outperform Bitcoin. But a lot of people argue that this cycle is different because we have so many altcoins now. And people just pump meme coins from pump.fun. And I wanna know if you think the four-year cycle will still hold. Like for example, the waterfall of Bitcoin, Ethereum, big cap, small cap, and then meme coin is likely the top. Does it still work? So when I think about four-year cycles, I mostly think about when the bottoms are, right? So I think the four-year cycle mostly refers to the bottoms. The next major low should be the end of 2026. That's what I would say. I'd say the next major low should be the end of 2026, no matter what happens this year. Whether we get, you know, whether Bitcoin rallies up to 150K, 200K later this year, we'll probably still have a major low in late 2026. If the top is in and we're unfortunate and we get a left-translated cycle, you still would likely still, you would likely still see the market do relatively well for most of the year. It wouldn't become obvious until Q4, when the market normally goes up, if the market goes down instead. As far as meme coins and whatnot, you know, I know a lot of people call this the meme coin super cycle and whatnot, but you know, if you look at this chart here is others divided by Bitcoin and others is everything outside of the top 10, at least what trading do track, which is like a couple hundred coins. And others has been dropping against Bitcoin since 2022 began. So I know there's this narrative that it's a meme coin super cycle, but I think what's really happening is these meme coins are just dropping against Bitcoin, right? They're just dropping. And I think a lot of people are just kind of watching their, this totality evaluation of their portfolio evaporate because they keep losing all their money in these meme coins. And it would have just been better off sticking with Bitcoin. I'm not suggesting that no one has made money in meme coins. I know some meme coins have done phenomenally well, right? And a lot of people have made a lot of money, right? It's absolutely true that that's the case, but I think with the meme coins, it's ultimately a zero sum game, right? If someone is making a ton of money, it means there's a lot of people losing a lot of money. That's kind of how I would view the meme coin market because over a long enough period of time, a lot of these alt coins do eventually go to zero asymptotically against Bitcoin. It could take five years, right? Which is a much longer timeframe than any of the people trading these meme coins care about. So you're not really gonna convince them that it's important, but I do think that, this has been going on a really, really long time. And my guess is that it's not going to change until the Fed changes monetary policy. But I mean, look, as far as the cycle stuff goes, I think the biggest dangers when people think this time is different. And so far, it's been the same in terms of monetary policy. And then in terms of market cycle ROI, Bitcoin looks basically how it always looks at this point in the cycle. I think if you do get a scare in the markets, it'll just be a reason to diversify some into alt coins if the Fed can pivot. Otherwise, I think you're probably just, most people are probably just better off with Bitcoin until that time comes. Earlier you mentioned people bought ETF on January the 8th and they sold because they wanna avoid tax. What was that about? So I don't really have any evidence for that. I don't have any evidence that anyone specifically bought and then sold. What I'm suggesting is that if there are people in the United States that bought January 8th of 2024, then there's two categories, right? So if you sell within 12 months, the taxes you have to pay on your profits is higher. So if you wait a year and then sell, you pay a lot less taxes. So I'm just suggesting there could be some investors out there that bought Bitcoin and then they bought the ETF, they watched it go up 3X about, cause they bought it at around 40K, 45K, and then it went up to 109K. If they watched it go up 3X and they were in long-term capital gains territory, maybe some of those people elected to take some profits. And then that could be contributing to some of the headwinds that we're seeing right now. But I mean, in the short term, Bitcoin's actually doing the same thing it did last year around this time. Basically it moved up in October and November, right here. Same kind of thing. And then it started moving again in February and March. So I hope that Bitcoin can just follow that path and kind of continue what it did last year. But there certainly are some warning signs that it might not. And one of those could be, I think about like the blue chips, right? Bitcoin is the blue chip of the crypto verse. In the stock market, you could argue that Nvidia has been the blue chip and Nvidia has been doing really, really well. So last year in January, Nvidia was skyrocketing while Bitcoin was flat, right? It was going up while Bitcoin was flat. And then eventually Bitcoin followed, right? This year, it's kind of the opposite, right? Bitcoin is flat, but Nvidia is going down. So it makes me wonder if there's gonna be a scare at some point in the next few months that's going to allow the Fed to pivot and to QE. And then it doesn't mean that Bitcoin can't go up. It just means that the gains, like the rest of the gains for the cycle will not be as good for Bitcoin as it might be for some other cryptocurrencies, right? That have been beaten down over the last several years. There's actually a really interesting chart I could show you. A lot of people feel like this cycle is different than last cycle. And it's kind of one of those things where like, if you look at Bitcoin's ROI from the low, it looks the same as it always looks, right? So why do people feel that way? Well, a lot of people joined crypto in 2020. And this chart here is called the Advanced Decline Index. So it basically shows you, it basically helps you figure out, are more assets going up or are more assets going down, right, for the price. So in 2020, when a lot of people joined crypto, you can see that this line, this orange line was going up, meaning more assets were going up than were going down, right? I mean, you could basically pick any altcoin and it was going up in 2020 because of all the money printing. But this ADI, the Advanced Decline Index, since 2022 began, really since November of 2021, has been going down, right? It's been going down. So I think the reason why this bull market feels different to a lot of people is because Bitcoin and a few altcoins are responsible for a majority of the gains, right? And a lot of altcoins are really struggling. But you'll notice that last cycle, the Advanced Decline Index was also dropping and it did not bottom until after the Fed ended quantitative tightening, right? Once the Fed ended QT, it was shortly after that that this index started to go back up. We just haven't seen that this cycle. And it's weird because it's taking a lot longer than it took last cycle. But I think this is why the cycle feels different to a lot of people is because they keep putting all their money in these altcoins expecting for them to go up like 10X, 20X, like last cycle. And they're just not seeing those same types of gains, but they're seeing Bitcoin go up. And so I think a lot of people kind of got left behind because they didn't just stick with Bitcoin. So can I say that we might see some more correction, but don't sell your altcoins yet? I think the way to think about it is this. I think that if there is a correction in the market, so right now no one knows, right? Absolutely no one knows, no one has a crystal ball. We have to accept that no one knows what's going to happen. I would say that at this point in time, until QT is over, Bitcoin is a better play from a risk adjusted returns point of view. If there is a drop in the market, let's say in the first half of the year, I do think that whatever the cycle has left in it, from that point on, at least through the end of this year and maybe early 2026, you would likely see altcoins outperform Bitcoin. But in order to get that, you have to have a drop in the market first. So for me, what that's meant for me is that I've basically kept my portfolio mostly Bitcoin. It's not entirely Bitcoin, but mostly Bitcoin. I think there's a good middle ground and there's a tool, modern portfolio theory. So this is something that was developed decades ago for things like the stock market and whatnot. But if you look at this, it basically you can plot out your risk adjusted returns for various portfolios. And so for a portfolio consisting of Bitcoin, Ethereum, and just say US dollars, let's say you wanna have some US dollars in case there's a dip, what's a good percentage? What's a good percentage? So in this case, based on data going back to 2015, this would suggest that the portfolio that maximizes your Sortino ratio, which has a ratio that does not punish positive volatility, which I think is better than the Sharpe ratio, which does is 58% Bitcoin, 12% ETH, and then 30% US dollars, right? Is what it's saying. So basically, it still makes sense to have this exposure, 70% exposure to the market, but if there is a drop, then the worst feeling is when the market drops 30% and you have nothing to buy it with, right? Right. So at least that gives you a hedge. Now, if you take US dollars out of this and calculate it with just Bitcoin and ETH, it says 83% Bitcoin and 17% ETH. But for me, I haven't even gone with that. I'm more so in this camp right here, 93% Bitcoin, 7%, because that's the portfolio that minimizes your volatility. And I've been focused more so on minimizing my volatility and just allowing myself to preserve the Satoshi evaluation of my portfolio, right? So that's kind of where I am right now, 93.7. It might actually be exactly that. I don't know. I mean, it varies on a day-to-day basis based on what the ETH Bitcoin ratio is doing. I think that ETH is really close to bottoming out against Bitcoin, like really, really close if it hasn't already. But I do respect that until the Fed pivots, ETH could still go lower against Bitcoin. Yeah. A lot of people would replace ETH with Solana this cycle. So what's interesting about Solana is it's tracking ETH Bitcoin. It's just two and a half years behind. Now I will say Solana has done really, really well this cycle, like absolutely. It's done really well. A lot of people made a lot of money. I hope it has a bright future. I think that maybe if people can move away from the meme coin stuff and focus on things that actually matter and utility, I think it could have a bright future. But, and one of the things you look for, for all Bitcoin pairs, for when they're gonna rally, is you look at double bottoms against Bitcoin. So with Solana, you can see that it had a double bottom against Bitcoin right here. And so that's usually a good sign for an altcoin whenever you get this double bottom. That's usually the bottom for a while. ETH Bitcoin did the same exact thing, right? So if you look at ETH Bitcoin, the cycle before, so not this cycle, but the cycle before, it had a double bottom, right? And then it had this rally. Now here's what's interesting about ETH Bitcoin compared to Sol Bitcoin, is that it's almost the exact same chart. It's just that Sol Bitcoin is behind two and a half years. So watch this. So if you go to the ETH Bitcoin chart and you take a price range from this peak here, go down, ETH Bitcoin dropped about 89%, right? In that bear market, right? 89%. Sol Bitcoin, if you look at the same exact thing, right? The same chart or the same price range down from this peak down, it was also exactly an 89% drop, right? It's the same drop. Now, after an 89% drop, then Sol Bitcoin double bottoms, ETH Bitcoin double bottoms, right? It was the same thing. And so what's fascinating about this is it continued to play out, right? It continued to play out. So look at ETH Bitcoin. You'll see that it had this higher low structure that eventually broke down right here, right? So it was putting in these higher lows and then eventually it broke down and everyone thought it was over, right? Everyone thought it was over. And then the merge happened, right? And then ETH Bitcoin shot back up and then it was just a slow and painful bleed. Now look at Sol Bitcoin. It's the same thing, right? So you basically have the same thing. You have this higher low structure, right? You have a higher low structure and then it broke down. Everyone thought it was over. And then President Trump launched a meme coin on Solana. And then you saw Sol Bitcoin go back up. So what's interesting is if you go look at this on a log scale and take ETH Bitcoin on a log scale, and if you just simply take a bar pattern, if you take a bar pattern, this is by the way, this is Sol Bitcoin, not Sol USD, right? Solana Bitcoin could go down, but Solana USD could still go up if Bitcoin's going up, right? So I think a lot of people need to remember because during this entire bleed by ETH against Bitcoin, ETH USD has actually been going up, not down. It's just that Bitcoin has been going up quicker. So a lot of people, if you're trained to think in terms of US dollars and you see a chart that looks like this, you're like, oh, that means the asset's crashing. But if you overlay its USD valuation, you can see that it's actually been going up. So again, Bitcoin has a way of sort of lifting the different boats, right? It has a way of lifting all the boats. And you can see how ETH Bitcoin is diverging from ETH USD. But again, I digress. The thing I wanted to say was that if you look at ETH Bitcoin and you take a bar pattern from this top to where it is now, and we just copy that and then paste it somewhere on this chart, and we just sort of pull it out. I mean, you can see how similar the chart is, right? Where you get your bear market, you get your double bottom and then goes back up. And then everyone calls for the flippening. And then it just goes into this massive secondary distribution and then it comes back down. Now, look, if that happens, it's not the end for Solana. I mean, I think that when I say coins are oscillators at best, I truly believe it. With ETH, I don't think it's dead. I don't. I just think that until quantitative tightening is over, it's gonna bleed against Bitcoin. But here's the thing. Don't look at the ETH Bitcoin price ratio. Look at the market cap ratio. And you'll see that it oscillates, right? It goes from the top of the range to the bottom of the range. And when it's up here, people call for the flippening. And when it's down here, people say that ETH is dead, right? So you could see something happen similar with Solana where it oscillate within a range. Now look at the Sol market cap divided by the Bitcoin market cap. And you'll see the exact same thing, right? We're in a range, right? We're in a range. And anytime it's down here, people say it's dead. And then it's up here, people call for the flippening, right? They call for the flippening up here. So when it's up here, no one can ever think about it going back down here. When it's down here, no one can ever think about it going back up. So I would argue that the Sol Bitcoin chart, to me, looks like ETH Bitcoin two and a half years ago. And that it could very well bleed into 2026. But if it does bleed into 2026, that doesn't mean that it can't do well again in say 2027, 2028, 2029. I just think that a lot of these cryptocurrencies oscillate against Bitcoin. And whenever you're at an extreme, no one ever wants to believe that it could ever reverse course. But I think it's important to try to remain objective. And by the way, I mean, just to be clear, I know some people out there might hold Solana and might not like this view. So I will say this, there are times when an asset looks like this and it looks like it won't go higher, and then it does. So it's not like there's a guarantee that I'm right about that. There are times, I think like INJ Bitcoin earlier this year sort of had, you can see that, it looked like it could have not gone above that level. You could have argued that it was an oscillator as well. And that it wouldn't go above that level. And then you had this massive breakout. But then, a year or two later, you can see that it was just sort of a fake out and it just came right back down. But sometimes you will get that and then it sort of proves you wrong. But I think in general, the Sol Bitcoin chart looks like ETH Bitcoin to me. So if I were to take that explanation and let's say I hold Sol, I might consider selling Sol soon to buy ETH. So that's a really loaded question because the Sol ETH chart is actually pretty crazy. The Sol ETH chart, Solana has been outperforming Ethereum a lot, okay? And I don't know, honestly, I don't even know if I would make that conclusion. I think you could, it could work out, right? I mean, this might just be sort of a wedge, right? That it's going up into, and then eventually it just breaks down. But the thing about that that doesn't really sit well with me is that who knows how long that's gonna last? I mean, it's already been going on for years. Who's to say it can't go on for another year, right? So I wouldn't necessarily say that's the best decision. It could work out really, really well. I think the more obvious thing is, is Sol Bitcoin. But even in that case, right? Even in that case, if it follows ETH Bitcoin, it could still stay up here for the rest of the year before dropping back down, right? It doesn't have to immediately drop. And in fact, if you look at ETH Bitcoin after it got that breakdown, right? After ETH Bitcoin got that breakdown in the summer of 2022, right? It didn't really break down below that level until a year and a half later, right? So there's always a chance that Sol Bitcoin doesn't truly break down until 2026, you know? And I mean, it could make sense considering that it is a post-having year, and normally altcoins outperform Bitcoin in post-having years, right? If you look at Bitcoin dominance, 12-month candles, the only years where dominance really goes down is this year, right? That the post-having years, 2017, 2021, and maybe 2025. But the trick is the only way you're gonna see that drop is to give the Fed a reason to pivot. And you don't get a reason to pivot until there's a drop in the market. So I'm not suggesting that people should go make any rash trades based on this chart because you could have made the same argument a year and a half ago, right? And Sol Bitcoin sell at the same valuation. What I would say though, is if you're looking to put money into something and you don't know what to put it in, I think because Solana against Bitcoin is at sort of a range high, I think it makes more sense to put it in Bitcoin over Solana, not necessarily to go sell your Solana for Bitcoin, if that makes sense, right? That way, if the market, you know, if you put it in, if you just DC into Bitcoin and this goes down, you'll be happy that you increased your Bitcoin holdings over Solana. And if it goes up, then at least you didn't sell your Solana. So I mean, a lot of investing is sort of hedging your bets and not just going all out on one view. We're looking at the charts, but I am imagining the day when Trump says there is a Bitcoin reserve and Bitcoin is just gonna shoot up. And everyone's saying that, you know, we are not ready for that and it's not priced in. And this reminds me of, you know, the argument of you and Michael Saylor. Right, I know you don't care. Micro-strategy doesn't care. I guess my issue is, is people are looking at these things and debating them, but if I told you the currency was gonna collapse by 90% next Tuesday, wouldn't it be more material to point out to people that the currency is gonna collapse by 90% next Tuesday than to have them study the last 10 years of trading of a lot of complicated things? I don't think it has to be black and white. It doesn't have to be one or the other. That was one of the very first video I've seen of you. And I have to say, you're very ballsy. So basically what happened from what I remember was, you were saying that all the charts represent, you know, the past and its statistics, right? But he was arguing that it cannot predict the future. And what happened there? So basically, I mean, and for the record, I mean, this was basically at the 2021 all-time highs when we did this interview. And, you know, I was, I had these models that suggested that the, like, you know, that the peak was really close to being in, you know? And this was when Bitcoin was like 60K, right? So it's not a really popular view to be promoting. It's not like I didn't think Bitcoin could go higher. I did think it could go higher. And so did he. I think his argument was just that there's no reason to look at these charts because everything is different. And it's gonna be, you know, like the cycle is gonna be different this time. Like, you know, all the models are wrong. And I do agree to a large extent that models are often wrong. Where I got into a big disagreement with him was, I didn't really see that what I was doing was any different than what he was doing, right? So basically, I was using these charts to say, Bitcoin's likely gonna go higher in a visual form, right? I was looking at it visually, right? Looking at things like the running one-year ROI or the ROI from the cycle low or, you know, whatever it was. Like, I was looking at it from a visual perspective. And he was basically saying, like, you know, that stuff doesn't matter. Now, to a large extent, I agree with that. I don't really think you can look at the past to predict the future. The reason we got into an argument was because I just kind of argued, like, how is it any different than what he was doing, where he was basically saying, Bitcoin's gone up 100% this year and 100% last year, so it was gonna go up 100% next year, right? I was like, I'm doing the same exact thing, just in a visual format. And even today, when he's publishing all this stuff about Bitcoin, and by the way, I mean, Sailor has done way more for the industry than I have. I just think that it was, you know, I just thought at the time, and I think, I probably wouldn't get into the same argument with him now, right? I probably would just defer and not go down that route. I think I've grown up a little bit since then. So I think probably 90% of the reason we got into an argument was because of me, not him, and me just wanting to, like, stand up for him. But again, I think at this point, I wouldn't even try. But I will say that I just think about, when I look at what he's doing, and he's often talking on Twitter about how great Bitcoin's returns have been, right? How often do you see that, right? He talks about, you know, their ROI, like Bitcoin's outperformed the entire S&P 500. And my argument was just, I'm doing the exact same thing that you are, I'm just visualizing it, you know? Rather than just saying it, I'm visualizing it. And I think we kind of disagreed there. So that was where it came from. Again, I don't hold anything against him. Again, he's done more for Bitcoin than I ever could imagine to do. But that was where it came from. And have you spoken after that? Not really. I mean, a little bit. I think I briefly saw him at his party in a New Year's Eve party in Miami. But I mean, I think I spoke two words to him, right? That was about it. I think I didn't, you know, I did invite him to a party I was throwing back in like 2022 or 2023. And we talked a little bit, but that was it. So we've never really talked about it. My guess is he doesn't even remember who I am, right? So I don't really think it matters to him or he cares. I doubt he remembers that conversation because he does, you know, he does a million of these conversations. If I were him, I would not. I haven't seen any that disagreed with him. Yeah, I think but I think like I almost sometimes wonder if it was a misunderstanding because like I think maybe he thought I was just like using Tradingview or something. I don't think he realized I had like other stuff than like just because there's a lot of people that just kind of log on to Tradingview and they're like, you know, they'll do just draw the lines. Like they'll just draw the lines. And that's it. What I would say and I get I actually do think a lot of that is useless. I think the best thing is momentum. I think momentum is the best technical analysis. And what I mean by that is assets that are going up are more likely to go up than assets that are not going up. So a lot of people will try to sell an asset that's doing well for an asset that's not doing well in the hopes that the one that's not doing well will start doing better. But most of the time, there is a reason why that other asset was doing well. And it continues to do well. And there's a reason the other asset was going down and it just continues going down. So I believe in momentum. And I think a lot of this stuff is, as I say, dubious speculation. No one actually knows. I just thought that, you know, some of this other stuff like modern portfolio theory based on classical simulations going back in the stock market, a lot of hedge funds use that kind of stuff to navigate markets and really just looking at like, you know, cycle ROI. Like I thought I thought that that had some value to it. I feel like if we really hashed it out, I don't really think we would disagree. I just think that. You know, I get my argument was just how is it any different than saying these are the returns for Bitcoin last year, so therefore it's going to keep doing well. I was just visualizing it. Made it one of the best interviews, I think. So congratulations. You've made a lot of charts. So I mean, we were talking about some optimistic views and then sometimes you're like, however, but there's this other chart that says differently. So for a new person coming into crypto, what are some charts that I must start with? So I mean, again, like that's the thing, like, you know, it's always about hedging your views, but I don't. Exactly what you said, right? Like there's this that looks good, but there's this that looks a little like, you know, what if it does that? Like, what if it follows the QQQ? Again, there's a lot of what ifs. I don't concern myself with the what ifs. I don't really concern myself if there is a strategic Bitcoin reserve. I just look at the risk and I'm like, you know, at this point, I think the risk and I'm like, you know, at this time, at this point in time, the risk on Bitcoin is point five seven eight, right? It's point five seven eight. So it's a little it's a little high for me to want to go like bet the family farm, you know, because like there's a chance that Bitcoin just sells off back to 70 or 80k. But it's also it's also not at like point nine, right? Like if we were sitting here right now and Bitcoin was at point nine five risk, I would be telling people I would say it's time to run for the hills because it's going to crash, right? But it's not there. And I don't know when it's going to go there. It's more so I think about it like this. No one exactly knows when it's going to go above point eight risk or below point two. We don't we can't know. I mean, in March of 2020, it's not like any of us knew that the market was going to crash. Right. No one knows when it happens. It's just that if you ever find yourself at a point in the cycle where the risk is above point eight or is below point two, then I think you should act accordingly. Right. So if it's above point eight, it means it's time to sell. If it's below point two, it means it's time to buy. If you look at the amount of time we spend in each wristband, what you'll notice is that we spend very little time in those higher wristbands. Right. So a lot of people think that when you get there, it's going to stay there forever. But in reality, that highest wristband, the point nine to one wristband in all of Bitcoin's history, it's only been in that wristband for 18 days throughout all 16 years, 18 days. So, again, there's always a lot of what ifs. But I'm just saying if sometime later this cycle, Bitcoin is in the point nine to one wristband, it's probably time to run for the hills and forget about all the narratives that people are trying to sell at the same time. And either, you know, if in 2026 or at some point we see another bear market and Bitcoin, you know, is in the zero to point one wristband or the point one to point two wristband, just know that that's the opportunity. Right. That's normally where Bitcoin carves out carves out those bottoms. So that's all I would say. I mean, I don't really think it needs to be any more complicated than that. I think it's easy to sort of fill our minds with a thousand different charts. And I have a thousand different charts to talk about. But at the end of the day, at the end of the day, I do think you can you can kind of condense a lot of this stuff into a single risk metric to then use to navigate the crypto verse rather than worry about everything else. Because, I mean, I think there's something to be said about living your life. Right. There's more to life than just investing. There's more to life than Bitcoin. There's more to life than just crypto. So why not just figure out something to help you navigate it? And it's going to be this one. Right. There's there's other you can create your own risk metric. Basically, just find something that looks like it oscillates, you know, in a pretty well defined range. And then you can normalize it between zero and one. And then you can create your own risk metric. Right. But just I would say use something that allows you to sort of look at it through a more quantitative perspective rather than the emotions. Because imagine imagine you're right. And we get a strategic reserve. Right. Imagine that sometime this year, Trump says that there's a good chance the market would get a really good rally at that point. And there's no telling how high the market could go. But I would say I would just go back to the risk metric. Right. If Bitcoin is at one hundred and fifty K or one hundred eighty K and we're at like point nine five risk, I don't care what the narrative is. I'm running for it. Like you said, you have a thousand different charts. I want to know how you come up with all these charts. And what are some weirdest charts that you've made? A lot of them are just my own interest. Right. I mean, like some of them are created by other people. Right. They're not all created by me. There's one really interesting chart. So it's called it's called ROI bands. So it kind of looks like this where you have these ROI bands like, you know, 2X, 4X, 6X, 8X, 10X, and so on and so forth. Basically, what it does is that any at every price point. In the cycle, it will tell you from how many how many days after that did it take for the market to go up a certain amount. Right. So if you bought the peak in 2013, then in order to 2X your money, you would have had to wait. About 1113 days because you bought the top. Right. But what's really fascinating about this chart, as you get close to major tops, the amount of time it takes to 2X your money drops off a cliff because the market's going parabolic. Right. So this is this is a really interesting chart because I always have a hard time explaining it to people. You know, every time I post a video about it, they're like, oh, it's this chart again. I still don't understand it. But here's a description and usage of it if people want to pause the video and just read it. But I thought that was an interesting chart. There's also some other, you know, some other really interesting charts that, you know, that I've created throughout the years. But that there's one tracking YouTubers. Yeah, that one's really interesting. So if you look at this one, it's basically new YouTube views to various crypto YouTube channels. You know, earlier when we're talking about is this like the dot com era, when we're talking about like the QQQ comparison. And one of the reasons I didn't think it was like the QQQ is because, you know, the S&P with respect to the money supply is not at that level. That would suggest that it is the dot com era. But the other thing is that the market was more. Insane in 2021, like, look how many more people were viewing these YouTube channels in 2021 right back then. At some points, these channels were averaging around four million views a day collectively. This cycle, any time collectively, these channels go up to two million views. They then come back down. Right. So you could argue that while it might feel like 2021 to a lot of people, because Bitcoin is going up, the reason that retail hasn't really returned like the same way they were here in 2021 is because a lot of the alt coins that they hold are just bleeding back to Bitcoin. Right. And so I think this really is a reflection of the alt coin market. And actually one way to visualize that is if you look at this crypto indicator dashboard, right, we talked about, you know, price risk. We talked about on chain risk. We also have social risk. Right. You can look at social risk and look at the last two peaks for Bitcoin. Right. The social risk was really high. Look at it right now. It's at 0.27. No one's here. You know what I mean? Like I'm here, you're here. And there's some people watching YouTube, but compared to 2021, this is nothing like it. It's it couldn't. I mean, it's so different than 2021. To me, it still looks like this. Right. It looks like this little rally in 2019 where it was basically a Bitcoin only rally and the alt coin market was just bleeding to Bitcoin until the Fed ended quantitative tightening. Like 2021, people had nothing else to do. Right. So it's true. We might not get that anymore. It's true. But I mean, what about 2017? I mean, it got to these highs in 2017 and it's not like we had a pandemic back then. You know, you could look at a lot of different things. I mean, we could justify it in any normal, you know, any any amount of ways. But the reality and by the way, charts like this are not necessarily representative of it going back to a peak. You could have a situation where it doesn't go back to a peak. It doesn't go back up there this cycle because people are more concerned with inflation and other things. And so they're not as able to get interested in crypto because they're more worried about how are they going to pay for groceries than which meme coin they should buy, you know? So it's not like there's a guarantee that it goes up here. But I would argue that if the social risk does go back up there, it's probably a major cycle top, right? At which point you would probably, you know, like, let's say we're looking at this chart and it's January 2026 and let's say it's at like point eight risk or point nine risk, it's probably a good chance that we're about to enter into a bear market because I think the understanding of it is if everyone has already arrived, then who else can you sell to? You know, like if retails already come and they've bought, who are they going to then sell to? And once you reach that point, then the market then undergoes a bear market. But again, the only way that social risk is going to durably go up like it did over here, I think, is for the Fed to pivot to much looser monetary policy. All right. I think that's the only way because until that time, we just haven't, you know, anytime there's any level of social interest at all, it just falls back off because the altcoins just keep on bleeding back to Bitcoin. And you can actually see, I mean, there's a direct inverse correlation between social interest and Bitcoin dominance. We actually have a workbench on the website where you can look at, you can basically load in a lot of these indicators so that you can load in social risk and then you can load in, we're going to load in Bitcoin dominance without stablecoins. And what you'll notice is that as the yellow line is dominance and the orange line is social risk, right? So as social risk goes down and goes sideways, Bitcoin dominance goes up. But as social risk goes up, Bitcoin dominance goes down. So in order to really see Bitcoin dominance go down, you need to see social risk go up. The way you get social risk to go up is for looser monetary policy to arrive. And until that time, you know, it just kind of stays down here. Last cycle, it started to go up after the Fed cut interest rates basically back to zero and they flooded the market with money. How do you track social risk? Is it Google Trends, YouTube views? Yeah, so I need to add a few things to it. This is my age is reflecting here because I don't really track TikTok and Instagram, but I know there's a lot of interest on TikTok. But right now, I'm basically tracking for the social risk, it's five things. So these are all five, but individually, it is subscribers to various YouTube channels. So new subscribers to YouTube channels, views to those same YouTube channels, various followers to crypto analysts on Twitter or X, various followers to exchanges on X, and then various followers to layer ones on X. And so I basically take those five and then combine it into a single social risk metric. A lot of projects are buying followers. Yeah, I know. And actually, you can see that. But I think that and actually we can go look at that chart. It is true that they do that, but usually it doesn't last forever and it just kind of gets drowned out. Wait, there's a chart for this? Fake followers? Not for fake followers, but it can be pretty obvious if someone's running a marketing campaign. So if you look at Twitter followers to layer ones, it's pretty obvious. Anytime you see really weird spikes, it's probably because there's either a major event going on or someone is running a marketing campaign. It doesn't mean necessarily that they're buying bots. It could just mean that they're advertising on Facebook or on Reddit or on any platform to get new followers, which doesn't mean a legitimate way. But if you go through some of these, if you look at, I don't know which one, Cosmos doesn't really look that abnormal. This looks probably like a normal chart. The major spikes are at where you get big market sell-offs, which seems reasonable. If you look at, what was it? If you look at Solana, there was a huge spike during the FTX crash, which makes absolute sense. A lot of people were worried that Solana was just going to go to zero. But occasionally you'll look at projects and you'll see some random spikes like this. And you're just like, what's going on? And it's probably marketing. Look at Luna. I mean, look at that spike when it collapsed. So occasionally you get these weird spikes in the data that aren't occurring at a major low or a major high. And so when that happens, it's usually because of some marketing campaign. And you could also see similar stuff in Analyst, but I'm not looking to pick any fights right now. So we're just going to stay away from that. Okay. So let's say altcoin season is still coming and I'm deciding what altcoins to buy. There are some narratives, for example, restaking AI, RWA, what else? Meme coins made in the USA, all that. What should I pick? So I think the first thing is that alt season doesn't start until ETH Bitcoin convincingly bought us. Right? ETH Bitcoin, I think is sort of the bellwether of the altcoin market. And by the way, I'm not avoiding your question. I will get to your question. But by the way, I mean, last cycle, ETH Bitcoin bottomed when QT ended. Right? Precisely. And also the other thing to consider, last cycle, there was also the same trend line like the ETH USD was on. It's on this sort of this uptrend. It was ETH Bitcoin bottomed exactly when ETH USD lost support. Right? So ETH USD lost support and then right away, ETH Bitcoin bottomed. Right? So if ETH USD loses support here, you can argue that ETH Bitcoin would then pretty quickly bottom out. Right? And that doesn't mean that ETH USD couldn't struggle for a little while, but ultimately, I do think it would go back up. So I think the first place you would start, besides Bitcoin, is probably Ethereum. At the end of the day, ETH Bitcoin below 0.03, I think is really low. And I know if you've been a Solana maxi for a couple years, right? Everyone's just saying like ETH is dead. But as I showed earlier, I mean, the sole Bitcoin chart looks a lot like ETH Bitcoin just delayed two and a half years. And the exuberance that a lot of Solana holders feel is the same type of exuberance a lot of ETH holders felt around the time of the merge. And it did nothing but bleed since then. So I would say what you would want to see is a double bottom. You don't always get it, right? Like in 2016, you didn't get a double bottom. So it's not like you have to have it. But I would look towards that. And any altcoin narrative that you're looking at, I would say forget about the narrative. Look at the Bitcoin chart. One of the reasons why, and look, I know XRP is a hated coin by a lot of people. But listen, I think that we're all here to make money. We're not here to get married to an altcoin. A lot of people get married to an altcoin. And the altcoin takes more than half in the divorce whenever it eventually crashes. I would say try not to do that and try to just focus on these patterns. And the thing that XRP Bitcoin had back in November was a double bottom. You can see a low and then a double bottom a few months later. So that's what you look for. You don't look for the narratives because the narratives are going to be a dime a dozen, and there's going to be a thousand different influencers trying to sell it to sell you a thousand different narratives. But I would say look at their lows on their Bitcoin pairs and see if they can come up with a double bottom. And if they can, then it usually means they're going to get a big spike upwards. So some altcoins have gone through that process. Solana went through that process back in 2022. And 2023, it went through that process already. XRP just went through that process a few months ago. ETH Bitcoin hasn't even put in its first low yet. It's hard to know. I mean, I wouldn't be that surprised if that's the low for ETH Bitcoin or close to it. But there's some other coins. You could look at BNB Bitcoin. I've sort of had my eye on that one. I'm wondering if it's going to turn into a double bottom here. It's not entirely clear yet. But I would say if a couple months go by and BNB Bitcoin is still holding this as support, then it could be a double bottom. It's not like it's impossible for that to be the case. But then other altcoins, you look at like AVAX Bitcoin, and I've been pretty convinced this one's going to bleed forever. And it has. And the reason is this structure here is a really bad structure where it has a low in the middle of a bull market and then another low later on. If this forms a lower high, it usually just bleeds down and then breaks support. And the reason, this pattern is really common. You can look at Dash Bitcoin from a prior cycle, which Dash was a relic from 2017. It had a very similar structure. You had this low in the bull market and then another low later on in the next cycle, and then got a bounce to a lower high and then eventually just bled. And then now look what it's done the last few years. So you want to avoid altcoins that are not double bottoming. So you can see with Dash Bitcoin when it came down here in 2020, it bottomed, but then later on, it just broke support. It broke support. And if it does that, it's almost always a bad sign. You don't want to see it break support. With ETH Bitcoin, last cycle, you want to see the second low be above the wick of the first low. You don't want to see it take out that wick because if it takes out that wick, it suggests that it is still bleeding. Look at Sol Bitcoin when it bottomed. The second low did not take out the first wick. It did not take it out. So that's what you look for. So with BNB Bitcoin right now, if it goes below this wick, then it's probably just going to keep bleeding for a while. If it can stay above 5193 sats, then it could be a double bottom. Really, what you want to see, you want to see the second low be no lower. Oftentimes, you want to see a fine support at the candle body right there. But if it goes below this wick, then it's still just likely going to keep on bleeding. So that's what I would look for. I look for altcoins that are bottoming against Bitcoin and then putting in a double bottom. But remember, it's hard to do that right now. There's only a few altcoins that are doing it. I mean, you just talked about a few. In order to get the collective altcoin market to do it, it's kind of like buying a house. The housing market right now sucks. It doesn't mean there's not some good deals out there. Just like crypto. I mean, the altcoin market sucks against Bitcoin. It doesn't mean there's not any good deals. If you look at alt Bitcoin pairs, like last cycle, they got this double bottom. They did eventually wick below that. That was during a parabolic Bitcoin rally. Yes, they did technically go below it, but it only lasted for like two weeks. All USD pairs were going up. I don't think anyone cared. But in order to get that to happen, you probably need to see a shift in monetary policy. So right now, they're kind of few and far between. But as the year goes on, you might get to the point where you start to see more and more altcoins finding double bottoms against Bitcoin. So I would look towards that rather than the narratives. So a lot of people probably bought the narratives like AI or like memes last year because people are expecting this altcoin season to come really soon. And I assume a lot of people hold their bags till now. And like you said, it's led to almost dead. But how do you decide if I should just cut my losses here? I would say look at the altcoin on its Bitcoin pair. If it's bleeding, it's probably going to keep bleeding. If it's putting in higher lows or holding its lows, then it's probably okay to hold on to. That's what I generally go with. I would also say like 2025 is probably not like the best time to make any rash decisions with altcoins because it normally is the post-halving year when altcoins do start to do well against Bitcoin. So it's probably going to happen at some point this year. But remember that in 2017, right? I think a lot of people are hoping that 2025 would just be a repeat of 2021, and it's clearly not, right? It's clearly not. But if you go back to the 2017 cycle, altcoin pairs got their last so you remember we were talking about like 25% of Bitcoin's market cap, right? They hit that in November of 2017. So a lot of people were probably watching their alts bleed to Bitcoin for a while. And then the last month of the year, we got alt season. And whenever alt season happens, it only lasts usually for like three to four weeks. You basically spend years watching altcoins bleed back to Bitcoin, only for them to get this major spike for three to four weeks, and then it's over again for the next three to four years. So I wouldn't say that making a rash decision in the post-halving year is the smartest decision, right? If you've held the altcoin for three years and you've watched it bleed back to Bitcoin and you're now just thinking, oh, maybe I should cut my losses and move on, while my base case is that alts do go a little bit lower against Bitcoin, there's a good chance that later on this year they could get a more sizable move. And there's actually an indicator for that. If you look at the altcoin season index, that's actually an indicator that you can look at and see where the market is right now. I believe it's kind of like... I think it's kind of in between Bitcoin season and altcoin season. I don't really think it's either one. Yeah, right now the altcoin season index is 46.81. So it's a little closer to Bitcoin season than altcoin season. So anytime it goes into the red shaded region up here, it's technically alt season, and anytime it's in the green shaded region, it's Bitcoin season. But you can see that any moves that we've had near alt season have been really short-lived, right? So people keep thinking it's like the alt season that they remember from 2021, where it stayed up here for several months, and it just keeps on being like a one-day wick, and it just comes back down. So in order to get a larger move up there, like what you had in 2017 or 2021, you probably just need a pivot in monetary policy, and you're probably going to get it at some point this year. Three charts that you recommend newcomers to look at, just three. Probably this one. This is like the total market cap of crypto, with sort of like a logarithmic regression trend line fitted to it, to just kind of show you what is the quote-unquote fair value of the asset class. I think it's a really good way to visualize the boom and bust cycles, right? The bull markets and the bear markets, and to try to keep people on track. I think that's a good one. I think that the other one, I think this risk metric is really useful to just try to identify like, is the market heated or is it not? I think that's a really good one. As far as the third one, maybe just this, maybe just the ROI from the bottom. I think that's a good one, because I think sometimes the market gets, like last March, the market got kind of heated, got kind of carried away where it was well above the prior two cycles, and you can see that it had to basically bleed until the last two cycles sort of caught up with it. And the same thing happened the cycle before, where it got really far ahead of where it should have been, and then it bled until that cycle caught up to it. So I think looking at this chart is probably one of the most helpful charts to look at. To just try to keep you on track with what's actually going on. Sometimes it can feel like the cycle sucks for Bitcoin, but then you look at it and you're like, well, it's up over 6X from the low, which is exactly the amount it was up at this point in 2017. So why should we, what's the big deal? So those three charts. Anything else you would like to recommend to newcomers, or let's say people experiencing their first cycle? I would say just come up with a plan and stick to it, and don't change your mind during major market events. Like, you know, when you get capitulations like we saw earlier this week, or in August of last year, or in April of last year, when you get those big market events, don't be the person that's going to panic. Have a plan and stick to it, because if you are the type of person that's going to panic, you're going to end up making a really bad decision, whether it's selling the bottom or buying the top, and you're going to probably regret it. So it's easier to come up with plans during times in the market like this, when the market's not moving. And then you stick to that plan no matter what, right? You don't change your mind a month from now based on what the market's been doing, because that's an emotional decision. Now I think, you know, when the market's not moving, we're more capable of making rational decisions, right? When the market's moving, that's where the FOMO and the emotions come in. So make the decisions now and then stick to them later. If you want to explore the charts we mentioned today yourself, new users, you can use promo code and get 10% off today. Thank you so much for your time, Ben. Thanks for having me.