 And a lot of people now have said, that's it, the bear market's over. I don't see the data on that yet, because historically it takes a year, a year from the top to the bottom. That has been one of the most consistent things in cycle behavior. Bitcoin spring happens the day of the halving. It's the shortest season always. Bitcoin summer, the period of time from the initial all time high for that cycle until the bubble pops, has always been between 9 and 11 months. Bitcoin fall is the day that the bubble pops and the day of capitulation, where you hit the low for that trend, is the beginning of Bitcoin winter. The one that's not prevailed three times out of three is 35 months from the bottom to the top, three times in a row now. There was a big debate about whether the four year cycle was dead. And a lot of prominent figures from Raoul Paul to Arthur Hayes said, it's only going to be always up from here. We're not going to have any cycles anymore or we're going to have a five year cycle. They were wrong. If institutions already know there's this cycle, why can't they prep for it? Because they deny it. And usually the whales, they tend to sell about four to six weeks before the top. And they tend to wait until about four to six weeks after the bottom. Because the way I was able to confirm that, there's nobody left to sell. And that's when the whales said, I think it's time to buy in big. I did my math. It would be 44K to 38K. Correct. That could be an FTX like moment. Perhaps this time there could be a wave of bankruptcies. So we shouldn't be rushing to buy now? I would say. He's one of my favorite guests, the crypto godfather, Michael Turpin is here. Welcome back. I'm delighted to be back, Bonnie. You are the founder and CEO of Transform Ventures and co-founder of Bit Angels. Also, you have a very, very popular book called the Bitcoin Supercycle. We're going to talk about that later. But just when I invited you to be on the show this time, you said, I'm happy to follow up. And as I predicted more than a year ago in the book, the bubble popped. Yes. Well, last year, there was a big debate about whether the four year cycle was dead. And a lot of prominent figures from Ralph Hall to Arthur Hayes said, and the head of some of the ETF said, oh, it's only going to be always up from here. There's not going to be any crashes. It's all about institutional investment. We're not going to have any cycles anymore or we're going to have a five year cycle. They were wrong. So far, everything that has been the gist of the four year cycle has proven true. Once again, this has been every time we pop the bubble in the fourth quarter of the year after the halving. That may end up modifying to late third quarter, the next cycle, because we've been getting the halving earlier and earlier. For example, the four year cycle isn't actually a four year cycle. It's been about a 46 month cycle. Otherwise, the halving would always be on January 3rd, the day of the Genesis block. Instead, the first one was about 47 months afterward. We then had a disruption in mining from China banning miners in 2016. And that ended up like modifying the block timing so much that we went all the way from November all the way up to July. So that ended up being about a 44 month cycle. And then we had a 46 month cycle when it went to May. And then this last time a 47 month cycle when it went to April. And we're projecting 28 is going to be in March. So another 47. We may actually get a point where we get a 48 month cycle because it is flexible. Could you tell us more about the Chinese mining ban you were just talking about? Sure. That had a bigger effect in 2016 than it did this last time. And that was basically people were scrambling to set up new mining facilities, which ended up being largely in Texas at scale. And so as I described in the book in the chapter on mining, Satoshi did not make it a four year cycle. He made it every 210,000 blocks times 33 cycles to distribute all the Bitcoin. And it was timed so that it'd be roughly every 10 minutes. But the actual timing has to do with the different mining cycles. The actual timing has to do with the difficulty level, has to do with the mining strength. And when all of a sudden the mining dropped, it ended up making the blocks close a little bit quicker. And that ended up speeding up when the 210,000 block came. You have a post on February 10th. You said AI legendary trader who's been in the market for 50 plus years said Bitcoin sell off isn't random, is organized. Right. Peter Brandt, who's been a legendary TradFi investor and trader and also has made a lot of comments on the crypto markets. There have been a lot of comments about institutions and what their trading means. And one of the things that it is more structured trading now. So in other words, when we had the 1010 Black Swan event and then after that we had the death cross and one of the large market makers. We know who it's rumored to be, but it was certainly a market maker who was selling at scale in a structured format. When you're selling between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. New York time, that's kind of structured. That's not random retail panicking. And so we saw that. And so institutions basically mean you're going to see a lot more kind of nine to five weekday trading as opposed to DGENs will trade anywhere and anytime. And so that has been an effect. Another effect that was interesting was this last bear market. You didn't see a lot of the selling on chain. So the effect of derivatives has been a lot more pronounced because of the institutional involvement. So what you're saying is institutions, they sold first and then retail kind of followed. That's correct. Right. Well, they followed the charts. Everybody follows the charts. But, you know, in many ways, what happened on 1010 kind of accelerated the charts. I mean, I knew that it was going to be another fourth quarter. Didn't know exactly when. There's several different models to say which month it would be. Some of them favored October. Some of them favored December. And, you know, it's interesting. The one that's now prevailed three times out of three is 35 months from the bottom to the top. And three times in a row now. What happens if we didn't have 1010? Well, if we didn't have 1010, we were trying to break through the resistance of around 125 literally since Inauguration Day when we didn't quite break through 120. And then in the summer, you know, we had that liberation day that brought us all the way down to 75K. I tweeted at the time, that's it. We're not going to go any lower until the cycle is over and it's not over because Bitcoin summer, the period of time from the initial all time high for that cycle until the bubble pops has always been between 9 and 11 months. Did not make sense to me that it would be so short. Similarly, when people said after 1010 and it dropped all the way down to 80K and then bounced, many people were saying, that's it. That's the end of the bear market. I was like, after six weeks, are you kidding me? Were you disappointed? I was disappointed that it didn't get to the midpoint of my projections from a dollar point, which I said would be about three times the halving price plus or minus macro. The first two halvings were pretty much spot on what it should have been. 100X and then 30X. I was projecting 10X plus or minus macro for the 2020-21 bull market. And the macro was definitely bad. You had Biden and Warren crypto, Gary Gensler, Elizabeth Warren, etc. And you also had a rapid rise of interest rates that kind of crushed any kind of continuing risk on investments. Here, a lot of people were hopeful that the Trump administration would pass the Clarity Act. Genius Act was less important. It was good, but it didn't really affect the ability of institutions to really start recommending digital assets, particularly Bitcoin, to their clients. And so with that not happening, and now that it's become sort of a midterm football, it's probably not going to happen, in my opinion, unless they force it through with a 51-49 vote in the Senate. You basically have a situation where the main macro was Trump's tweeting about the tariffs left and right. That's what caused the Liberation Day crash on traditional markets as well. But it recovered much quicker and is now at an all-time high for the S&P. But as sort of the newest asset class, it's much more sensitive to news. And the 10-10 tweet that basically said 100% tariffs on China, by now people should know that Trump doesn't do what he says. He's just using it as a bargaining chip. But there's been a lot written about, and I didn't say this. I basically just reported what others have said, was that it was pretty contrived. A lot of players knew that the tweet was happening because they acted so quickly. Morgan Stanley, for example, is alleged to have sent out memos to their brokers saying sell Bitcoin, sell Metcrastrategy minutes before the tweet came out. No way. Yes, this reported a few places. And also Binance, whether it was Binance Holdings itself or just big whales on Binance, started selling immediately when the tweet happened. And then this is definitely not only widely reported, but seems to be correct. AutoD leveraged its market makers, something they'd never done before, meaning that most market makers are both long and short to protect their positions. All of a sudden, they're naked longs when the world's on fire. Let's talk about Bitcoin for now. And later we might go to Ethereum and other asset class. Bitcoin bear market drawdown decrease every cycle. First bear market, 94 percent, 87 percent, 84, 77. And right now, are we expecting some somewhere between 65 to 70 percent drawdown? I was expecting that based on us topping out. Yeah, because we, you know, didn't just come a little below my projection, but we literally only doubled instead of tripled. Yeah, I could see it being a softer percentage, but certainly over 50 percent. And we've already been there. We hit from 126 down to 60 and bounced off of that. And a lot of people now have said, that's it. The bear market's over. I don't see the data on that yet, because historically it takes a year. The last three times it was a year exactly four years ago. It was a year minus three days, four years before that. And it was a year and a couple of weeks, the very first having. And so just like I didn't think it made any sense for the bear market to be six weeks, I don't think it makes a lot of sense for it to be only four months. That would disrupt a lot of other things going forward, particularly if one of the predominant thesis points of what's happened so far is the 35 months from the low, that would really be a very short bull market. And so something would have to give like maybe a shorter spring. So when you say a year, a year until we hit the bottom or a year, a year from the top to the bottom, that has been one of the most consistent things in cycle behavior. So we shouldn't be rushing to buy now. Is that what you're saying? I would say look at the charts. We haven't really had any super bad news yet. Because if you look at the last cycle and most of the bad news, as I mentioned, my book gets accelerated in terms of its impact in a bear market and ignored in a bull market. And the good news gets ignored in the bear market. And so, you know, last cycle, the first thing that kind of dropped us heavily was the Terra Luna crash that brought us down. We've been in the high 60s, bounced around, had a little dead cat bounce into we were still 50K after the first quarter. I mean, that was, you know, five months almost after the halving. And people were thinking, oh, we're going to keep going up. The people didn't believe in the cycles. Always up. And of course, the Terra Luna crash brought us back to reality, brought us under 40K. Then it was kind of struggling around a little bit. At that point, I knew it was over. I mean, I kind of knew it before, but and then the day that Celsius announced that they were, you know, closing off deposits and withdrawals. Oh, it was around 30 then and dropped down to 20 very quickly. And people thought that was the bottom. And but the whales weren't starting to buy back. And usually the whales, they tend to sell about four to six weeks before the top. They did this time as well. And they tend to wait until about four to six weeks after the bottom because they're expecting a lower low. And, you know, after FTX happened, that was the bottom. And I knew it was the bottom. I didn't think it was going to go below. It already went not only below the 200 week moving average that we've always gone below in a bear market, but it also went almost the 300 week moving average. And there are people tweeting at the time, I got my buy orders in a 5K, a 2K. It wasn't going to go down that low. And sure enough, that ended up being the market bottom. And the way I was able to confirm that, even though I was placing orders right after FTX, was when the next shoe to drop in the bankruptcy parade was Genesis Lending. They were a big bankruptcy. The price of Bitcoin did not drop. And the reason is because there's nobody left to sell. When there's nobody left to sell, you were, I mean, all the short term holders. If you didn't sell after TeraLuna, you didn't sell after Celsius, you didn't sell after FTX, you've just become a congratulations. You're now a long term holder. You're not going to sell even lower. And so with all the short term panic puppies out of the way, price couldn't drop. And that's when the whales said, I think it's time to buy in big. And I knew a couple of the whales personally who had DM me and said, I'm about to make my biggest Bitcoin buy ever. And sure enough, it was all up from there. Would you announce that on Twitter? Sure. I'll announce when I think the bottom's in. Well, if you look back, would 1010 be the first bad news? Well, 1010 was sort of I called it a black swan. And I thought it was because it was something nobody expected that tweet. Nobody expected Binance to de leverage market makers. Nobody expected to go down that fast. I mean, we're still a fairly fragile market in terms of the size of the market in that one single market maker, it looks like, could just put in massive sell orders over five days and drive the price down to the point where buyers didn't matter. I mean, if they had done it another 10 days, we could have been all the way down into the 50s. I mean, at some point, I think you would have had a reaction because they don't have unlimited Bitcoin. At some point, they run out of Bitcoin that they needed to sell to save their collateral and other assets. But we talked about the drawdown might be 65 percent to 70. And I did my math. It would be 44K to 38K. Correct. I don't think we're going to go down below 42 because, again, we did have a considerably lower high. We had a slightly lower high last time, we still end up doing 75 percent. Just yesterday, and I know this will air a little bit later, BlockFills, which is a major tradfied player that also is very heavily involved in Bitcoin options. These are, I have friends there, personal friends there. I talked to them a few weeks ago, nothing seemed wrong. They ended up suspending withdrawals. And they said, we're working on liquidity issues, et cetera, et cetera. But historically, in crypto, when somebody says they're suspending withdrawal, bankruptcies are right around the corner. Not saying this is going to happen with BlockFills, but they did 61 billion dollars last year. So what collateral damage would be if they can't get their deposits back at all and there's no money? So that could be an FTX like moment. Last time, all the bad news seemed to be around Bitcoin lending and collateral damage when they lent it to, say, FTX, which a lot of them did. Perhaps this time there could be a, you know, sort of a wave of bankruptcies. I'm not saying it's going to happen, but it could happen if, say, we go down to 45K and there are, you know, sort of derivatives, exchanges that played with their own money, played with customers' money. I mean, this is this is what happens with centralized companies sometimes. And if that happens, people will panic. They'll start withdrawing out of all the derivatives exchanges, which could be a self-fulfilling prophecy about them then limiting withdrawals. And that would that would probably lead to the bottom. And it's interesting how the bottom always happens during the bear market that is always in, you know, starts the third quarter of the year after the halving. And I would contend that the bankruptcies don't cause the bottom of the crash. The bear market that's predictable by the cycle causes the bankruptcies that then accelerate and find the actual bottom. If institutions already know there is this cycle, why can't they prep for it? Because they deny it. The majority of them are saying the cycle is dead. I'm having a talk later this afternoon on that topic. You know, Matt from Bitwise ETF has been saying cycle is dead, only up from here. It's now going to look like an institutional asset class and look like gold, silver stock market. And, you know, I'd say more people say that the cycle is irrelevant than say that it still controls things. And I'm one of the lone boys in the wilderness saying, you know, look at the math, it's still controlling things. But my question is, if everyone is saying it's over and institutions don't really care about this cycle, they are the big money. They should really control the supply and demand. Well, they're not the big money yet. I mean, yeah, if you look at certainly holdings, whales hold a lot more than institutions. Institutions are still dipping their toe in because institutions typically are not buying and selling. They're using derivatives, right? They're using the ETFs. They're using, you know, long and short on the ETFs because they get much better margin on a stock than they do on the asset itself. And so there's a lot of levels of obfuscation of what's really going on. But last I checked, the overall Bitcoin asset class was only 20 percent derivatives and 80 percent spot trading. Traditional markets are the reverse. They're 80 percent derivatives. So when institutions buy, except for, of course, Saylor, but other people are buying derivatives, they're not actually buying the Bitcoin, is that what you're saying? That is correct. Or a combination where the ETFs, which are controlled by institutions, are by and large bought by retail. So they're telling newbie retail, hey, it's safe now to buy. The ones that said it was a Ponzi scheme when it was $100 or $1,000. Now they're getting commissions and they're like, hey, you should put five percent of your money into this or one percent. And so the way the ETFs work, you know, they only trade during market hours and they have to settle before the next market, but the institutions have hold of that capital. They're hedging the positions, right? And so they, you know, first of all, just on fees alone, iBit is the most profitable part of the entire BlackRock empire. There's another tweet. History rewards patience, not panic. And last time we talked, it was May 25th. I asked you if it was always a good time to buy Bitcoin. You said, nope. And I love that because this is a different answer from everybody else. Well, yeah, dollar cost averaging works most of the time, but it doesn't work on the way down because then you're just dollar cost averaging to a lower low. I think dollar cost average, if someone has a certain amount of disposable income every month, yeah, buy from the bottom all the way up. But but accelerate it during the times when you make the most money. I would say that you just hold it, hold it in, you know, interest bearing accounts, hold it in gold, even hold it in, you know, one thing that I think is a great investment in terms of just cash, particularly for people in taxable jurisdictions in the U.S., is what Michael Saylor has done with his SDRC. He actually has it structured as return of capital. So you're going to get I think it's now 11.25 percent. He just raised it again. I mean, that's like almost three times the T-bills are paying in money market accounts and you'll go in. I think their ex-dividend date is like Friday and the price goes up a bit and then it goes down whenever the price of Bitcoin goes down. I missed buying in last week because I didn't have a buy order on it with my broker, but it actually dipped into like about ninety four dollars to get in. That's an extra five percent interest, right? Effectively, if it's a hundred dollars. And it's brilliant in that anybody says that Saylor is going out of business when Bitcoin hits a such and such point hasn't followed the structure of his investments. I mean, these are all stocks that can stop paying dividends, can amend the dividends. But as long as he's paying really high dividends and keeping a lot of it in cash to pay the dividends, I don't see how even if Bitcoin goes down to twenty thousand dollars, he'll just buy more Bitcoin because his thesis is that Bitcoin is going to go up twenty one percent a year for the next twenty years and he's getting capital around 10 percent, you know, that math works out. At the end of 2025, Big Ed is officially a global exchange, Universal Exchange, UEX. As long as you have USDT, you can trade all kinds of high-quality assets in the same interface, including mainstream encrypted currency, chain assets, US dollar, foreign exchange, gold, silver, gold, and silver, and large-scale commercial indexes, and a 24-hour trading stock contract. Even the US dollar of TSM has it. Use this flow of capital to the extreme. No need to transfer or switch in many accounts. Faster, cheaper. Click the bottom message bar. Now until April 12th, complete the task of sending the US dollar to TSM. I know you talked about the four seasons. Could you repeat that for people that might not have watched the previous one? Sure. Satoshi in the white paper said that as long as the amount of new Bitcoin bought every four years exceeds the amount mined, the price has to go up in supply and demand. And so far, that has been absolutely true. The first having was $12.70. The second having was $670. The third having was $8,700. And the fourth having was $63,900. Always up. And as long as we have more new Bitcoin bought, then Bitcoin mined, which is a tiny amount now, it's scarcer than gold in terms of its annual inflation rate at 0.8% versus gold is around one and a half. Might go a little bit higher because the price of gold means that you can you can spend more money mining. So some stuff that was not profitable at $2,000 will not be profitable at $5,000. So that basically is is what Satoshi said, and it's been true. The wild volatility that scares retail investors away, but it's an opportunity, if you understand it, comes from fear and greed. And I identified going back to 2015 that there were repeating patterns and they've completely repeated every time. Four behaviors based on fear and greed that happened in the exact same order, and they continue to. And I named them after the four seasons. So Bitcoin spring happens the day of the having. That's in one day, minor profitability goes from being roughly maybe 10 to 20% profitable to then you have half the rewards in the same expenses. Now you're losing 30 to 40%. A number of them will just turn off their machines, especially in the old days. Now they typically have secondary sources of funding. They've got bank loans, they're public companies, but they still will use that as the time to upgrade their machines because they're losing money unless they've got like stolen electricity or something. They are losing money. And so the algorithm adjusts downwards so that if there's fewer people mining, you know, or fewer, you know, hash power mining, it'll adjust to make sure that the blocks will come through roughly every 10 minutes. And between that going down and just simply demand going up, it starts to go up slowly, but largely it's flat. This last time Bitcoin spring was seven months, that's the longest ever. It's the shortest season always so far. First one was four months. And that is between the time of the halving and the time they have a new all time high. Literally six months in, it was flat. It was 63,900 the day of the halving, April 19th of 2024. Six months later, it's still 64,000. It had gone down a little bit. You know, I think that was the time of like Germany selling Yen carry trade, stuff like that, and it started to bounce off of 70 as resistance. The number they had to hit was 73,850. That was the new all time high of the prior cycle, even though it was only a month before. A number of pundits again and proven wrong. And I literally re-edited my book as I was going to press to address the fact that there was a new all time high a month before the halving. Because again, the same pundits that are saying the cycle is broken now were saying the cycle is broken then. Oh, well, how can you have a cycle if you have the new all time high a month before the halving? That's the new that's the new high. And it should have been a year after the halving. Well, you can't have a new high before the halving for this cycle. That was last cycle. By definition, what it did do, and I was correct in projecting this, it reset the bar of what you needed to cross before that happened. As soon as you got above 68,000, you'd go into Bitcoin summer. Now you have to go into 73,850. I projected in my book that if Trump won, that'd be good macro and it would happen early November. And because the strength of it happening eventually and happening early was strong enough, if Kamala won, it would still happen in late December. We won't know what happened if Kamala won because she didn't. But Trump won and the new all time high was on Election Day itself, November 5th. I also projected if that happened, we would have 100,000 by early to mid December. And we did. And it kept going up until the sell the news on the inauguration day when we almost hit 120 and then we were flat for up and down and down to 75 and then up to 126 for almost the rest of the year. And that was the thing that we couldn't break was that one 25 ish plane. And, you know, I submit that the biggest reason was because of uncertainty over the tariffs. And right now we are in we're in fall. Maybe a prediction on the next four years. So to finish the seasons, Bitcoin fall is the day that the bubble pops begins it. And the day of capitulation where you hit the low for that trend is the beginning of Bitcoin winter. Number of people have used the phrase euphemistically crypto winter mean any time people are depressed and the price is down, but my Bitcoin winter is actually a time that you should be buying because that's when the price all the short term holders have fled and the price is not going to go down any further. So it has to go up. And on a long term basis, the best time to buy every single cycle has been Bitcoin winter, the last day of Bitcoin fall sold within 20 percent of the high. You're never going to catch it exactly, although I have friends who caught the exact day a couple of times. I caught the exact day a couple of times, but and then bought back within 20 percent of the bottom. And the bottom takes a longer time to play out because it just stays down there. And everybody thinks Bitcoin is dead. We've already started the Bitcoin is dead headlines, by the way. Financial Times last weekend said Bitcoin is 60,000. That's still 60,000 too high. It then bounced back to 70. They had to change the headline. Peter Schiff came out, said it's going to zero roughly. You know, we hadn't heard from Nouriel Rabini in a while. He came up and said it's like useless. And so when it gives into the 50s or even 40s, then you have CNBC and CNN also saying it's dead and it's going to zero. And that's the best time to buy. The best time to buy on a daily IRR basis, the first day of Bitcoin summer, because it goes up so quickly. So, you know, again, dollar cost averaging. You're better to, you know, kind of hold some of those dollars and deploy them at the start of Bitcoin summer and then again at the start of Bitcoin winter. All your money is made if you're not just holding forever. By properly identifying the top and bottom of Bitcoin fall. And again, my my my analysis was that if you bought a thousand Bitcoin at the first having $12,700, most investors could afford that and just held it until today. Whatever, it's 67,000 today. So you turn your 12,000 to 67 million still beats every other asset class. And if you sold, you know, on, you know, around 10, 10 or before, you'd have 12,000 to 120 million. It's like 10,000X. Selling within 20 percent of the top and buying within 20 percent of the bottom. And obviously the first cycle was the hardest. At the top, you would have had over $7 billion because we had had 60,000 Bitcoin because you would have sold it a thousand instead of 1200 and then bought back around 250. Now you got 4,000 Bitcoin. And four years later, similar thing, you'd have 16,000. Four years when exactly have 64,000, you have about 60. I think going forward, we're not going to be 4X by timing it correctly. But I think that you can be around 2X for the next two cycles. And particularly if the super cycle kicks in. So the super cycle is when the diminishing returns that we've had so far in the four seasons is overwhelmed by the S curve of adoption that happens. Every new technology. We're only four percent of the world has any Bitcoin. And yet we're 95 percent mined out when it's 20 percent, 30 percent of the of the world having at least one Bitcoin. Where is that Bitcoin going to come from? It's not going to come from the miners. Do you still think Bitcoin is a new, like a very new asset class that people are still very interested in? Because there's AI now. It seemed like the new kid. Right. AI is not an asset class. It's the technology and the asset class. Yeah, the equities. Yes. Equities for AI, which is sub asset class of equities. Certainly, AI is the new shiny kid on the block. And Bitcoin goes through different cycles than AI does. There was a little bit of panic that AI was going to cause the next big global crash. I mean, there's a lot of people who feel that. Yeah. And but right now it's all happy land, right? It's all all time highs. You know, I was offered I've done some investments in AI, even though I'm mainly crypto and then some real estate, etc. But, you know, I I was offered by a friend of mine who got into the entropic whatever was C or D round a couple of years ago, I think it was only about two years ago when it was 400 million. And I was like, do they have any revenues? Well, not really. Are they making money or losing money like crazy? And I was like, I'll pass. 400 million seems a little little pricey. You know, I'm not used to that as somebody who's largely a seed investor. Boy, that would have been a thousand X. Their latest round is like over 400 billion. So it's been insane numbers. And we'll see whether it keeps up when people invest in 400 billion, whether these all are trillion dollar companies. See, that's the thing, like because AI has these crazy returns. Now, retail investors are like, why Bitcoin? Why not that? And absolutely. And the other one is, of course, is Precious Metals. And again, retail in all these asset classes jumps in at the high and gets burned because they buy in at the high. They're the ones that bought gold at fifty five hundred dollars on leverage and then pulled back. So I think gold and silver. I mentioned this in my book. Actually, I quoted the CME as saying that their definition of a super cycle is something that is a fundamental change in the nature of the commodity that lasts for at least five years. And they saw two super cycles in the last 100 years in commodities. The first one was in the 70s when Nixon took the US off the gold standard and also allowed Americans for the first time in 40 years to buy gold. So you all of a sudden had a new reason to buy gold and you had a new class of investors that could buy gold when Forex in under a decade. The second one was when China just started buying commodities of all type because of its rapid expansion industrially in the 90s and that skyrocketed the price of nickel and copper and not so much gold and silver, but other kind of commodities that are actually used in commerce. That was a second super cycle. And they had said during Covid that too early to tell, but we may be entering a third super cycle based on ballooning fiat debt and distrust in sort of the monetary debasement trade. And had I read my own book, I might have bought a little bit more gold when it came out, because obviously that was a good trade to make in 2024. Well, a lot of people were talking about the basement trade last year, 2025, and Bitcoin was being included in one of the asset class you should buy. But everything else went up and people are disappointed with Bitcoin's performance. Well, because they didn't look at the cycles, right? So you don't buy at the top of the cycle, even though retail does, because they see their friends making money. You buy at the bottom of the cycle. There's this classic New Yorker style cartoon from the last cycle that had two lines. It had a little table that said Bitcoin for sale at $60,000. People are lined up around the block. Bitcoin on sale, $15,000. Nobody was buying. And that's repeating. And you wonder why people, if it's so obvious they don't do it, it's again, fear and greed. This last $60,000 price, fear was the highest ever. It was higher than FTX. It was five. FTX was seven. And you got to remember four years ago, $60,000 was bull behavior. Oh my God, it's $60,000. It's going to the moon. So the four years difference, the expectations of the asset class are so amazingly high that people are panning when it's $60,000, you know, is a saying, if in doubt, zoom out. Right. And if you look, it still is. You've only had a 1% chance of losing money, throwing a dart at buying Bitcoin and selling it five years later. And you're not forced to sell if it was that 1%. And it's more reliable if you basically only buy in the bear market. We talked about the possible low. What about the possible high? It's very early to predict the next high. But I think next time is the first time that we have a serious shot at a super cycle. We had a theoretical shot this time. But since it was the first time institutions were in, they were able to do things like for the first time really offer gigantic monetary numbers to whales who want to sell a little bit. I mean, say you're a whale that, you know, working a normal nine to five job and you know, mine Bitcoin when it was two cents and they have 10,000 of them and they've been a hodler. Right. And maybe they've loaned a little against their Bitcoin and watching it go up in value. So they were able to buy a home, but not a fancy home. Now, all of a sudden, you know, there's a galaxy calls and says, hey, we've got Michael Saylor who wants to go and buy blah, blah, unlimited amounts of Bitcoin. Will you sell it one hundred and twenty? You know, and the wife's going like, how much is that, honey? It's about a billion and five. You want to sell half? You can buy it back later. And so it's certainly not that whales decided that they're out of Bitcoin. Right. As a TradFi guy who now talks a lot about Bitcoin said it was Bitcoin's IPO moment. And so the early founders sold. Of course, they didn't sell everything. And but with the founders of like Facebook, they don't necessarily buy back. They'll kind of get, you know, additional vesting or something on new shares. But, you know, the whales, if you look on chain, they do buy back. They sell at the top and they do exactly what I recommend. They sell at the top and buy back at the bottom. So say you're a whale. There's one whale wallet that was tracked. It was a large number, like 15,000 Bitcoin or something like that. He sold a good chunk of them. At least it moved into Kraken and then kind of disappeared. If he did sell, he'll buy back. Right. I mean, if you sell a billion dollars worth and, you know, you're able to buy back at half or less, you know, you have the same amount of Bitcoin. And now you've got a half a billion dollars to go and buy whatever, you know, you and your family want to buy a private jet, you know, etc. Can't you take a loan against your Bitcoin? You can. But you make more in terms of absolute return if you sell at the top and buy back at the bottom. And obviously, a lot of this depends on on your tax situation. But if you're in Puerto Rico, it's zero capital gains. If you're in Hong Kong, if you're in Singapore, there's a lot. Dubai. There's a lot of places that have wealthy people who do not pay capital gains. And so to me, they're leaving money on the table if they don't follow my system. I talked to a few Bitcoin miners from the US and they were talking about how they cannot really control the supply anymore because right now the block rewards are so little. Well, they never were able to control the supply. It's back in the days. 7200. And then now, you know, 3.125 Bitcoin per 10 minutes. Yeah. So it's 450 a day. 450 a day. That is available. Well, OK. Last year, Saylor would buy a year supply in a month. Yeah. Right. So he did that this time, too. I think he bought 20,000 Bitcoin in the first month. I can't remember the exact number, but yeah, it was if not a year supply, it was a lot. I mean, 450 a day, you know, times 365. So, no, right now, the institutions are buying far more than the miners are putting out. So that's why one of the reasons why people say the cycle is dead is, oh, well, it's such a small, trivially amount now. Well, it's not a trivially amount, trivial amount compared to the buying. If no one was buying, yeah, it would be a trivial amount. But you have to look at the ratio between, you know, the available Bitcoin going down and the amount being bought going up. So that is diverging along the lines of what Satoshi talked about over a four year period, if the amount being bought exceeds the amount being mined, the price has to go up. And it will go up. You know, I can project with almost absolute certainty that the price of the next having in 28 is going to be above the price in 24. 24 was $63,900. I'm thinking it'll be at least double and it could actually be, you know, approaching $200,000. I do believe that I'll call it out here for the second time ever, I believe we're going to have a new all time high prior to the next having, which will be when next having is is 210,000 blocks after the last having projected right now to be in late March. So it could be early April. It could be mid-March as we get closer, it becomes more definitive in terms of, you know, are there mining disruptions that speed it up? Are there something that slows it down? But if it's mid-March, you know, I I foresee that we'll have a new all time high, you know, not in 26, but in 27. How does election play into this? That's part of macro, right? And it's interesting because I do not think, as I mentioned in my book and I think I said on your show, I don't think it was an accident that Satoshi chose the election year for that for that the likely having dates. And so far, it's been an election year every time. You know, first one was 2012, 2016, 2020, 24. Next one will absolutely be 28. If you're moving up, you know, even a month at a time, that means in another, you know, three, four cycles will break that and it'll be just before. In fact, if you go and even get into early February, won't even have had the first primary. So we'll see how that impacts. But what that means is that your bear market typically has fallen during the midterms. And unfortunately, this has now become only one party that supports crypto. It used to be, you know, stand with the cryptos, done a great job of literally crypto was the primary industry in the last election in terms of donations, more than the big banks and big pharma combined, which was unthinkable four years ago. And but since most of it went to people who supported crypto and Kamala was very fuzzy, I mean, she basically said, well, I I'm looking at crypto because I understand it's a way that black men can make money or something like that was very, you know, identity based instead of like saying, no, it's it's good for the economy. The Democrat midterm talking points now being Trump should be impeached because, you know, he's grifting off of the asset class of his family is making money on. We're not going to vote for any kind of legislation in the Clarity Act until, you know, Trump addresses his family's holding. So they've made they've sort of taken the Clarity Act hostage over their midterm election, you know, talking points. And, you know, right now it's considered to be seventy five, 80 percent of the Democrats win. That's the end of crypto legislation for the next two years, because the House is in the United States what controls new legislation. They will not propose any alternative to the Clarity Act unless it is going backwards. In fact, the so-called compromise act, which the banking lobby largely wrote, was, hey, let's compromise. Let's have defy be illegal. Only broker dealers can do it. Let's have self custody be illegal. You know, you have to go to, you know, a trad by custodian and let's make sure that there's never any interest or rewards on stable coins because that takes away from the banks. That is worse than we have now. And that's why Brian Armstrong said I can't support this. It's worse than nothing at all. And so that will be the rules for the next couple of years if the Democrats win the midterms, which is why it's important if you're a crypto voter in the United States, regardless of what your local person is, to vote the red button, which is the orange button right now. You talked about defy stable coin. Why is Clarity Act important for Bitcoin, though? Because the clarity is everything else but stable coins. It basically is we have clarity of regulation. Gary Gensler during the last administration said Ethereum was a security. I mean, in here, they at least said informally, David Sacks has said, well, you know, there's commodities, there's securities and there's collectibles. And collectibles don't need regulation. The Trump coin was a collectible. Meme coins are collectible. Under Gary Gensler, he was inferring that everything was a security except for Bitcoin. And huge divergence, right? The investment banks, the Morgan Stanley's, the people who can take their trillions of dollars of clients that they advise. They're like, we don't know what to tell them. Will they be fine for buying Ethereum because it's a security and they're not an accredited investor. I mean, and so clarity is just to simply say, what are the rules? And right now there's a pro Bitcoin chairman of the SEC, Atkins, and there's a pro crypto, you know, new head of the CTFC. And their positions are very reasonable. They're like, you know, only securities are securities, right? And the securities are it's how you define this thing called the Howey test from the 1940s that is, you know, very vague in terms of like, I mean, most people think of securities as something that you own, you know, a stock or some other instrument where you're getting dividends, you're relying on the statements of the company, their projections, etc. You know, I call it the gold bar versus gold mining stock. A gold bar, even if Peter Schiff says gold is going to the moon, he doesn't control the price of gold. No one person does. It's supply and demand. I feel the Bitcoin and most of the alt coins are in that same camp, whereas a gold mining stock, if you say, hey, our stocks going to the moon, we're about to find a new supply of gold. That is a forward looking statement that an investor relies upon and can be held accountable for if they're if they're making it up, you know, rules and penalties for making statements of public companies. Whereas if you're just talking about the price of Bitcoin, that's commodity. And I don't control the price. If I say Bitcoin is going to 400000 last time and it doesn't, I can't be sued by somebody who bought Bitcoin. You know, I'm not making financial advice. I'm just telling you how I see it and how I'm playing it. You launched a Bitcoin super cycle hedge fund and you outperformed Bitcoin by 2.5 percent in your first month. Correct. What type of strategies are you using? Using the ones in the book, by and large. It frustrated me that when I would tell, you know, people to buy Bitcoin and they didn't want to go and open a Coinbase account and they said, hey, is there a stock I can do? Yeah, there's an ETF now. But if you want to beat the price of Bitcoin, you should look at it at a manager. And I was looking to see what funds out there were were only Bitcoin and were beating the price of Bitcoin and I didn't find any. And the best known ones, I won't mention their names, but they're very large names that are in the crypto space in 2024. I think the returns were like 47 percent and 52 percent, which is phenomenal if you're a stock market investor. But if you just held Bitcoin in your wallet, it was 120 percent. And then they historically get creamed during the bear markets. And that's because even though they employ some chart analysis and algo trading, they look at their Sharpen-Sortino ratios. They're much more conservative. And you're not going into your Bitcoin investment all in of everything you own. You're looking to beat the asset class. If the top performing S&P hedge funds did not beat the S&P, they'd be out of business. Yeah. And so that's not the case in Bitcoin yet. And so we're hoping to be, you know, kind of one of the first ones that outperforms Bitcoin after fees. So you are in charge of the strategies. I am. I'm the chief investment officer. Nice. Earlier, we talked about the next high. I would like you to break it down to bull case, bear case and base case. Sure. The bear versus the bull versus the base largely depends on whether we have supply shock in 2029. So in other words, 2029 is going to be the next bull market is the year after the halving and supply shock is when you literally run out of coins to sell. The only time that really has happened in the past was in October of 2013. I mean, widely reported. And I found this to be the case, too, that you just you couldn't buy Bitcoin. You wanted to buy a lot of Bitcoin. Coinbase just was unavailable. They were like, oh, we're having outages, etc. Rumor was that they just didn't have any coins to sell. They had more requests to sell Bitcoin, to buy Bitcoin than to sell. And so that will happen at some point. I mean, we have very low numbers historically of what's on the exchanges, particularly during the bull market. Michael, we would love to hear your prediction. My range of where the halving is going to be is worst case, I think maybe 120. Best case, maybe 200. And then if you look at diminishing returns that had been 100X the first cycle, 30X should have been 10X was eight, should have been 3X was two. You know, I would think the next thing on that sequence might be around 30 to 50 percent gain above the halving. So if it's, you know, so that would be a range of maybe 180, which would be very bearish to perhaps 400. And that's before you consider the super cycle. Could you also share the timeline? Sure. So the timeline would be, again, the four seasons, right? Bitcoin spring will be in roughly March of 2028. Bitcoin summer typically has been four to seven months. It's been a little expansive. So that would mean that it might be in October, November, you know, probably late third, early fourth quarter of 2028 when you then pass the all time high, except, you know, we're probably going to have a new all time high prior to the halving, so it'd be the all time high of even if it's the day before the halving and, you know, the halving is typically the fair market price of Bitcoin. So the last time, even though we went up to 73, we went down to the fair market price. So let's say the fair market price this next time is like, I don't know, 150 or something like that. That means that if we're at 180, we'll probably dip back down to 150 at the halving. So if it's 150, you know, if we double it, that's going to be 300, right? If we only go up 50 percent, that'd be 225. But the super cycle effect is when during Bitcoin summer, so like you then hit that all time high from the prior cycle. So, you know, say you're halving prices 150 and the high prior cycle was 170. It can be a very short time frame until it hits that again. So let's say it hits it as early as, you know, I don't know, May or June of 2028. Typically, nine to 11 months until you pop the bubble. And so that then factors into a lot of the things of what was the bottom and the 35 months historically. So you have to look at all that data and see which one is the strongest to repeat, because off every cycle has always been two things that have always happened and they can't both happen again because they it's either or. And so those are the things that we'll find. But Bitcoin summer is when the bubble pops and that's when the demand is the strongest from retail. Oh, my God, it's going to a million dollars. I better buy in before it hits a million. And then it only hits 400,000 in the bubble pops and then they cry and they don't buy back into the bottom, which would be, say, maybe half the price of the top. So supply shock is when, you know, like in October of 2013, there's no more coins to sell. I mean, is people trying to like pry it out of the hands of the whales? And they're like, you know, I'm going to wait for a higher price. I'm not going to sell to you for 400. Can you can you give me 500? And so you can have a god candle at that point when all of a sudden, you know, the price of Bitcoin goes up from like 300,000 to 400,000 a week. And that's when a lot of retail is going to buy in. Oh, my God, like they are with gold and silver right now or before that bubble popped a little bit. And, you know, and that's when you have this super cycle effect so that it kicks off this. You can't unsee the high. Right. So if we're at 480, all of a sudden, the expectation of the next cycle being a million becomes much more realistic than if we only get up to 200. I mean, if you look at the big FUD story that kind of like is credited in part for why we hit 60K, it was because Jeffrey Epstein bought Coinbase shares and and he's supposed to be able to set to set to see. Yeah, that's even more ridiculous. Right. I mean, he just because he gave a half a million dollars to MIT, of which a portion went to the digital currency lab, which paid Gavin Anderson's salary does not mean he's Satoshi. I mean, this was like five or six years after after Bitcoin. And, you know, it mentioned in in in the latest batch of files, the person who probably orange pilled Epstein. And that was around 2011, 2012, I think. And so how can you be orange pilled, you know, years after the white paper and be Satoshi? So there's absolutely no evidence he's Satoshi. But I'm sure short sellers call the media and say, hey, you know, Epstein, Satoshi. I haven't asked this question for a very long time. But why are people asking who he is or she or they? They are constantly, but we don't have a definitive answer. I mean, there's a lot of I'd like to know. I mean, I'm probably happy that I don't know because, you know, they could be sitting in a jail cell on trumped up charges. Right. I mean, look what happened to the the founder of Wikileaks. You know, they can say, oh, you created something that was used for money laundering, we have to have a congressional hearing. And so, you know, it's it's probably a good thing that there's no definitive proof. I mean, Craig Wright, not an American citizen, but obviously can be indicted anywhere, declared he was Satoshi and then a court said, no, you're not. That doesn't mean he wasn't. I mean, there's a lot of evidence to say that he was part of the early Bitcoin, you know, mining and that he might have been one of one of many people who collaborated to be Satoshi. Although it's interesting that Marky Malky's, you know, recently released about a year or two ago emails with Satoshi because he was the 19 year old college student that emailed Satoshi. Satoshi's white paper had an email contact me and he did. He's like, hey, I'm a college kid. I what can I do to help? I can make websites. And so he did help with Bitcoin.org, which was Satoshi's website and Bitcoin Talk, which is his chat group and got paid in Bitcoin. But he also said, well, the first thing you can do is turn on your computer and start mining so that there's at least two people mining at all time. So unless he was trying to throw people off the scent that there was other people involved in Satoshi, that would be saying I'm one person. And certainly it was a consistent voice in all the writings of Satoshi to make it sound like it was one person. So it's still a mystery. I mean, some people think it's Adam Back. There was an HBO special saying it was Peter Todd, which I think was the least likely. And that was all based on something he said and made a mistake in quoting something and reference something that was before he got into Bitcoin. It was crazy. Well, I assume you have quite a big investment in Bitcoin. And I've talked to institutions and they're like, if there's even a very small chance that there's a quantum risk or like the Satoshi who is Satoshi risk, they would be very hesitant to put in more money. But you are not. No, I think the quantum risk is extremely low because of a couple of factors. Number one, I think right now the top qubits in the world is like 100 or something, and it's going to take about 20,000 qubits to potentially break one wallet address. Why would they not go after the bank where they can go and get a lot more money from a centralized, you know, kind of system that they could just drain money left and right and they go after JP Morgan before they go after Satoshi. And again, let's say North Korea says we're going to target breaking Bitcoin and going after Satoshi's wallet. Where are they going to get the hardware from? It's not just software. And this is very closely guarded. Can't be exported. I mean, right now, the only people who would be able to go and theoretically do this are like Google and IBM. You think they're going to go rogue and try to steal things? I mean, I don't think so. That's number one. Point number two is that we have a long time. I mean, it's not going to be next year that they get to that level of qubits. Five to 20 years, I think, are the estimates. I think let's say it's 10. Ten years from now, we have there's already a lot of teams working on quantum secure wallets, quantum secure forks. Now, if it's a quantum secure fork, that means that the old wallets that they've lost the keys would be vulnerable. But I don't know if that's the worst thing in the world. That means you actually would have 21 million Bitcoin. Right now, you probably only have about 16 million that are accessible, presuming that something that's never moved is lost. You don't think that's the worst case? It's an opportunity. Like say someone sold crack Satoshi and sold all their Bitcoin all the way down to like $50, I'd be buying at that point because that means that that risk now is out of the way. It's been distributed to a lot of other holders. I understand that, but people wouldn't be buying at $60K now if they know that might happen. I think the odds are very low of that happening, as for the reasons I said. But again, I think it would be a blip and it would be much higher in the future after that. So you typically either have, you know, two philosophies, either you're a trader or you have a fund that's trading for you. We were an algo based fund. So I'm the chief investment officer, but I have a team of algo developers and traders. So we are doing things every month based on, you know, what we see is five percent or higher moves within the channel are breaking the resistance. But the big moves are, you know, buying as much as possible at the bottom and selling as much as possible at the top. But now I think that you'd see it coming a long way out. And again, I believe that the industry will find solutions to it for everything. Everything but maybe Satoshi's wallet. And again, who is going to crack it? It's not going to be Google. And I don't see how North Korea ends up getting all that hardware that is banned from export and building, I mean, I guess if they could build nuclear weapons, maybe they can build a supercomputer and steal the Google code. But I don't see that as a big risk. And if it happened, they would go after the banks first. What's going to happen to JP Morgan's stock or the Bank of America if all of a sudden they get like billions of dollars drained overnight? I guess they get propped up by the Fed, which is already printing too much money. So there's other hypothetical risks out there that I don't lose any sleep at night about Bitcoin going down to $50 because I'll buy more. I think a lot of young people, they want a target to know I'm working towards however many Bitcoin. What is that number if they are in their 20s or early 30s? Well, the average person should just make sure they have one. I mean, because I mean, one Bitcoin, if you're in your 20s and you expect to retire in your 60s, you got 40 years for Bitcoin to go to. Well, we'll see with fiat, the basement, what a million dollars is actually worth in the future. But, you know, I think sailors base position in 20 years is about 13 million of Bitcoin. So I think most people, you know, middle class expectations and background could easily retire on 10 million. And maybe 10 million is only worth five million. They could usually that's still considered that's still an accredited investor. It's a qualified investor. You know, it's not 30 million is ultra high net worth. So, you know, if you got one Bitcoin and you're going to be retiring in 40 years, I mean, I can't imagine that Bitcoin is going to be worth less than 10 million in 40 years. So one Bitcoin, you know, should be intergenerational wealth if you can do better. And again, during the during the bear market, when people are running away from it, if it gets down to 50,000, you know, do what you can to. I mean, I forget which investor said in the traditional thing, what do you do to get rich? The first thing is do whatever you can when you're young to get your first hundred thousand dollars in cash that you can invest in. That's where you're going to start. Because if you're just constantly just living paycheck to paycheck, you know, you're never going to be able to invest in anything when the opportunity comes along. You get your first hundred thousand. You can go and buy a house and then rent that out and buy another house. You can buy stocks with that. You can do all sorts of things that will compound over time. Historically, same thing with one Bitcoin, which is less than 100,000 right now. Did you just say in 30 years, 30 million will still be high net worth? Or is it now? Today it is. So, yeah, they'll probably. Well, you know, they haven't they haven't changed the rules on accredited investing. You know, they said they said it was a million dollars 30, 40 years ago, and they still say it's a million dollars. That's insane. I know a million is not quite. But that's good, though, because that means more people who are upper middle class qualifies as accredited investors. You know, they're they're looking under Trump in particular to change the rules that, you know, if you're bright, you know the risks and you want to invest in your friend's company, you think it's going to be the next Facebook. You should be allowed to do that, you know, and you just sort of like a sign off risk. Yes, I know what I'm doing. I recognize I'm not being scammed, blah, blah, blah. I mean, look, they let people come to Las Vegas and bet their entire life savings on red on a blackjack table while they're drinking. There's no SEC out there stopping from doing that, but they're stopping them from, you know, investing in what they think is the next entropic. Wow, that makes so much sense. Well, if people want to talk to Michael, you have an AI now. I do. So my book, you know, is available on Amazon. It is distributed by Simon & Schuster. But my publisher did not pick up the audio rights yet or the translation rights. But I had the rights in my contract to make an AI version. And so I did. And so it's Bitcoin Supercycle.AI. It's fifty dollars for a year, although I have some codes that you can share with the viewers to make it lower, 40 percent off, and basically includes the full audio book in my voice that I did not have to sit in a studio like most authors do for 12 hours reading and taking second takes, I gave my AI provider, Holo.AI, two sentences of my voice and it sounds like me. And so it's a full, you know, 21 chapter plus introduction of me reading in my voice, the audio book in English and in eight other languages, including Chinese. You are speaking Chinese. I'm speaking Chinese. Yes, that is insane. I'm speaking Chinese. I'm speaking Spanish. I'm speaking French in the proper accents. So either they could read this book or just go on the website and have it read to them and they can download it as well from the from Bitcoin Supercycle.AI with a subscription. I love that. Thank you so much again for coming on. Thank you. It's always so much fun talking to you. Thanks, Bonnie.