 Sorry, Morks. I apologize in advance. I'm holding dollars on chain. I'm getting 10% yield. My bank gives me like half a percent, so why would I ever go back to my bank? You know, all your costs are in Filipino peso because you're producing in the Philippines, but now your revenue is in Mexican peso, right? And what you would want to do is, knowing when you get those future cash flows, you would basically buy a hedge. Whatever you get, you know, you pay a small fee for basically making sure that the money you get is what you expect. So the product that you would be buying on chain is a structured product, which basically, having lived through the, you know, 2008 financial crisis, I worry about that a little bit, right? Like, real estate all coming on chain sounds great, but only if there's a way to do it, sort of in a way that doesn't kind of create another Armageddon. I am very happy to be with Renée. He's the co-founder of SellO. Such a great chat with you earlier on stage. Likewise, yeah. It's good to chat more. You talked about stablecoins a lot, and I think that is a topic that, you know, a lot of traditional finance people are just realizing. Why are they just catching up now? Yeah, good question. I wonder about that. Yeah. You know, I think the reason why it took so long, if I had to sort of make a guess, is really because all the supporting infrastructure wasn't quite ready for a regular person to easily, you know, on-ramp, as we say, so kind of go from their kind of normal currency, either in a bank account or like a mobile money account, to come on chain and then also easily go back, you know, off-ramp, kind of go back into their local currency. Just wasn't something that for many years was easy from a sort of UX perspective, but then it also wasn't something that was, you know, very cost-efficient, right? So you would lose a lot of money coming on chain and then also off-boarding again. And I think in 2025, we are finally at a point where really in most markets around the world, that's now possible. It's happening fast, it's easy, you know, it's something that really regular people that have not ever used crypto can do. And I think that's a big reason why we're seeing more mass market appeal now for stablecoins and sort of just becoming part of the public conversation. I think another factor is that there's now, in 2025, there's a lot more interesting application. Five years ago, what could you really do on chain? I mean, not that much, right? That wasn't really, you could send a token to another person, great. I think in 2025, we have, you know, prediction markets going mainstream. We have, you know, games that, you know, have token economies that have pretty big user bases. We have all kinds of like, you know, on-chain applications where people want to actually use them. And so they have a much bigger sort of incentive to take that more difficult step of un-ramping. You don't think it's because of Trump? He's a big part of this. Trump definitely is a reason. I mean, definitely kind of created so much awareness. And yeah, you know, I agree. I mean, meme coins, of course, like brought a lot of people also, right? This is their first interaction. So I think actually, like, there's a nice, nice way of kind of tying even some of the experiments, like meme coins and NFTs into this journey, right? Because all of this helped to actually bring people, you know, into a world where they now have a wallet and they realize, oh, wow, I'm holding, you know, dollars on chain and I'm getting 10% yield. My bank gives me like half a percent. So why would I ever go back to my bank, right? So I think there's certainly some of that. And I think all of that helped kind of make stable coins sort of explode, as we say this year. For users, right? Meme coins or online gaming, those are a small number of users if you compare to the world's population. But I think the legislation and the law in place actually introduced this to everybody else that wasn't really interested in this. It sounds like such an important topic that governments should be working on. But a lot of very conservative governments are still just watching, observing. And my worry is that they're going to be so far behind. Yeah, I know. And I think this is sometimes what we're seeing in crypto, right? Like the users just start doing stuff and, you know, there's a little bit of maybe even gray area, right? Where it's not really clear. How does this fall into existing laws? But then it becomes so big that in some cases, it's actually nice. It educates regulators, right? It gives them a sense for, oh, are consumers sufficiently protected? Right? It probably also helps create better laws, right? Versus trying to put laws now for something that may or may not happen in the future. And, you know, how would you know how people are going to interact with these stable coins? Now we know because we have like years of history of seeing that. But I think to many of us, it was clear from the very get-go that, yes, stable coins are going to be big. And even now, I think, you know, like we talked about on the panel, we're still early innings, right? We're still mostly dollar stable coins. It's still, you know, not much composability beyond sort of some of these initial kind of use cases. So the best is yet to come, I think, as it comes to stable coins. Do you know that all three major multiple APIs are generation songs? That's all I'm gonna say today, and if you look closely you can see that that's the End Run path. The event will be held on February 19th. Details are in the description. 赶快去研究一下. so everyone has that special edge. What is yours? Yeah. I think it's a good point. Especially in 2025, when you have so many more chains. Like, launch, you know, uh, that say, Hey, we're like this chain for stable coins, right. And the other day, I think it's easy to, to launch a chain really in 2025. Um, it's probably never been easier to launch a blockchain. But I think what, what a lot of people, even founders, right. that start blockchains underestimate is the kind of infrastructure you have to build around the blockchain, right? And that's everything from what we talked about, the on off-ramps, it's like different sort of infrastructure that projects wanna tie in to actually make this stuff useful. And so it's one thing to launch a chain and have a bunch of like TVL on it, like people just moving some tokens in, it's another to actually have the blockchain be used for economic activity, right? So in the case of the Philippines, it really only makes sense if the person that then kind of receives, you know, that stable coin in their wallet can do something with it, can they off-ramp, can they use it to pay at a local store? You know, there's an example recently, a friend was traveling to Kenya and Nairobi and you know, it was like, hey, you go there a lot, like what's your, like, what do I need to know? It's like, you know what? Until like maybe a year ago, I would have said, okay, when you get to the airport, buy a local SIM card, get M-Pesa because you will need that to pay at all the local stores. This time I was like, look, just use MiniPay, you know, use Opera's kind of wallet because you can actually use it anywhere M-Pesa is accepted. And you can, you know, have your UCT stable coin in it and just pay with that really anywhere. So no, like really, like it couldn't be easier, right? And so- I need you to help me visualize how that works. You said it's on a browser, an app or what is it? Yeah, let's unpack, yeah, sorry, let's unpack that a little bit. So yesterday here, we announced that with Opera, we're basically doubling down on this partnership and it actually, it started in the browser, you're right. So Opera has, I think 300 million active users, has, you know, brought hundreds of millions of people online through their browsers. Their Android browser is actually the most popular browser in Africa. And so it's so popular because they subsidize bandwidth. It's also super lightweight, so it doesn't take a lot of data to kind of download, right? So people really love it, right? It makes a lot of sense. So they built a wallet directly into that Android browser. And after they launched it, it became so popular and people were like, hey, I wanna use this too, but you know, I'm not in Africa on an Android phone. So they ended up also launching a standalone Android and iOS wallet for MiniPay. So now really anyone anywhere can use MiniPay and use it to send funds or use any of the many, many apps in MiniPay. It's becoming kind of a way for any Opera user, whether they're on iOS or Android, right, to easily have access to a wallet. So what you are saying is if I were to go to Kenya on vacation right now, I just have to download? And when I pay the vendors, do I send stable coins? Yes. And they all sort of accept it. So there's a local provider that's basically managing the flow so that the vendor still gets paid as they would otherwise. But for you as a user, all you're doing is you're effectively paying in the stable coin in your wallet. You set it up, you have your wallet, and then you can make payments based on phone numbers. You don't even have to deal with like public keys. In the case of like, you know, in Pesa and Kenya, they have like these kind of short kind of codes, right? So that's another way of making a payment. But yeah, it's really, it feels like a Web2 application because it abstracts everything a way that would otherwise be difficult or get in the way when you're using a crypto wallet. There's so many stories of people that now have the ability to, you know, save in dollars or hold gold or send money to, you know, a relative in a market where that's not possible without a big fee previously. And that's, you know, those are the most rewarding stories. What were you doing before this? So I started my career, I was actually in traditional finance. So I was a Morgan Stanley structuring derivatives. There's a whole other story there around like stuff that we're not doing on chain yet that I think will happen in the next hopefully five years. Since you're talking about it already. Do you wanna dive in? Okay, so one of sort of the areas that I worked on, I'm on Stanley was basically helping mostly corporate, some sovereigns as well with sort of their risk management. So, you know, like different interest rates and currencies and structuring derivatives, you know, mostly swaps or swap chains to manage that risk. And the way it works is, you know, from sort of my perspective, I was in the structuring desk, I would think about a product and then I would call up, you know, the Euro desk. I mean like, hey, give me a quote on dollar euro, right? And then, but sometimes for like the more long tail currencies, right? There's thin markets, right? Like not too many people are trading Filipino pesos to Mexican pesos, for example, right? On a, like there's, it's not a deep market. Everything goes through dollars, right? And so it's not that efficient. And so it really makes sense if you're setting up like, you know, products for bigger customers, right? Where you have some, you know, some ability to kind of structure things appropriately, but, you know, we wouldn't do that kind of work for like a small business, for example, right? It's just not, you know, it doesn't make sense. You know, fast forward many, many years now, I'm like, wow, you know, there will be a point in time where, you know, the small business can literally buy this product on chain permissionless without the need to talk to a bank. So the product that you would be buying on chain is a structured product, which basically based on the movement of currencies and interest rates, does certain payouts. And so I give you, I give an easy example. So you could be a company in the Philippines that actually exports some of their stuff that they're building to Mexico, right? And the company Mexico is saying, hey, I'm paying you, you know, yes, I'll pay you once I get the goods, right? And so you agree on a price, but during the time that you deliver the goods and they pay you, right? The interest that, sorry, the exchange rate changes. And so you end up, you know, all your costs are in Filipino peso because you're producing in the Philippines, but now your revenue is in Mexican peso, right? And so what do you do, right? And so what you would wanna do is you would, knowing when you get those future cash flows, you would basically buy a hedge, right? So that whatever you get, you know, you pay a small fee for basically making sure that the money you get is what you expect. Now this is kind of usually, yeah, a big company just calls up their bank and manages that kind of at a portfolio level, right? But for a small company, yeah, there's not really a solution to do that, right? And so to do that on chain, well, first of all, we need Mexican peso, Filipino peso, stable coins. We need stable coins for all currencies, right? Right now we only- I'm getting this, okay. Right now we mostly have dollar stable coins, right? So sell was actually number one chain for like diversity of stable coins. So having many, many different stable coins. So we actually have a Filipino peso that people are using. We have Canyon Shilling. We have a lot of these local currencies because we see a future where, you know, people will wanna do that stuff. Now the volumes in these cross currency pools, think about it as like a Uniswap pool, but instead of like, you know, sell-o, wrapped ETH, it's dollar to Canyon Shilling on chain, right? But the governments have to come up with their own stable coin for this to happen though. It could be that or like with dollar stable coins, it's, you know, private providers like Tether, Circle, right? Circle actually and Tether too have launched Euro stable coins as well, right? So they are already examples of existing stable coin issuers issuing other stable coins, but then in many markets you actually have local providers. In many markets you have already multiple providers issuing local stable coins. And so that is something that's been emerging. We've actually from the sell-o side supported a lot of these local issuers because we wanna see more local stable coin issuance. There's also synthetic stable coins. So Mento Protocol and Sell-O is an example of that. There are others. And then the next step is to basically create liquidity in those spot markets so that anyone can easily trade sort of in a spot market between two currencies. And then the next step is to not just do this for spot markets, but for future markets, right? And we're not there yet. No one like that's not happening anywhere. I think it's gonna happen in the next few years, right? As people now, there's gonna be demand for, oh yeah, I want pesos in the future. So there's on-chain demand for that. So once we have basically fully developed yield curves as a result of these kind of future markets and liquidity in these future markets for these different pairs, I think we'll have something that actually will work better than the traditional financial system because I think with all the innovation that's been happening around AMMs, and with DeFi in general, we can create more capital efficient ways of actually allowing people to trade between different currencies. And so my prediction is, I'm gonna put my stuff out there, that in like five years time, it's gonna be actually cheaper for a business to do this kind of swap or swap-tion that they traditionally would have called a big bang for on-chain than doing it the traditional way. You are killing your previous employer. Yeah, who would have thought, right? Weird. Sorry, Morgan Stanley. Apologize in advance. I want to know your take on real world asset. What do you really see happening right now? I've interviewed a few really important guests. They were talking about how T-bills are already on-chain. And I wonder if that is very easy for everyday people to have access to, or is it just for the institutions or companies? A lot of RWAs exist, but they kind of exist in their own kind of bubble, right? Not that accessible to mainstream, which I think is a big opportunity. I think to date, I think this was also something that we talked about on the panel, right? For the most part, it's just crypto, money, on-chain funds providing additional demand for these assets. Think about a world where all the assets can be transferred. I can transfer half of my house to you right now. That is supposed to be the ideal world, right? It sounds like there'll be a lot of things trying to stop you or stop that. Definitely having lived through the 2008 financial crisis, I worry about that a little bit, right? Like you imagine people, like real estate all coming on-chain sounds great, but only if there's a way to do it, sort of in a way that doesn't kind of create another Armageddon, right? Where suddenly people take out, or like use it as avicolateral and then take out loans against it, lever up and don't necessarily understand sort of the financial risks that go hand in hand with that. So that is something that gives me some pause, right? But look, giving someone in the global south access to like Google or Apple stock, I think that's totally like overdue, right? And so I think it depends a little bit on what asset are we talking about, what are maybe the consumer protections around how it's used on-chain. But yeah, I think that's for us to figure out. Last question is maybe help us imagine this beautiful world in 10 years. How would the transaction of value look like? 10 years is a long time. Yeah, enough time. Yeah, I mean, there's also everything that's been happening with AI, right? Where I think probably in 10 years, the way we interact, you know, it's gonna change pretty dramatically, right? So maybe it's no longer an app on your phone, but you just, you know, like talk to an LLM and it's doing stuff on your behalf, right? That's definitely coming. And so I think 10 years from now, we probably have a large part of on-chain transactions being agent-driven. I do think we'll probably, you know, just have something where we speak into some form of device, right? And we know it's kind of acting based on some preferences that, you know, the system knows. It's what we kind of want or need, you know, like that all works seamlessly. But I don't know, 10 years, it's, yeah. It's a long time. That's a long time, yeah. And I am super excited about what could happen. Yeah. Yeah. That's why we're all here. Thank you so much for this conversation. Bonnie, this was so great. Yeah, thank you. Thank you so much. Yeah.