 What are red flags that you see that could be applied to retail investors? Potentially like really low float like the founding team or core team owning a really large percentage of an asset bug within like the smart contract itself potential nefarious kind of market makers associated with a project The government can actually buy and sell these crypto altcoins It just sounds like there's this huge whale that can buy and trade these altcoins But how does that affect the overall? Project I don't think we are gonna have a great q3 and q4. I'm very optimistic We're speaking now with Marshall beard He is the chief operating officer of Gemini one of the world's largest exchanges We'll be talking about the future of not just crypto exchanges, but also the future of Gemini welcome to the show Marshall I'm David Lin. I'm Bonnie Good to see you Marshall. Thank you for having me. The US is now more pro crypto That is of course the opinion of market observance First of all, do you agree with this overall viewpoint given what Trump's done so far three months into his term and second if it is a more crypto friendly regulator, you know Environment, what does this mean for exchanges? I Absolutely agree with that sentiment. You can just see it you know a year ago conversations were much different than today and the industry here in the US faced You know pretty massive headwinds and now we face Pretty massive tailwind. So it's been incredible very optimistic. It's very exciting. You see pro crypto Picks within the Treasury within the SEC within the CFTC We have a you know, digital assets working group with David Sachs And so, you know everything that you know Trump campaigned on is he's delivered So it's incredibly exciting what it means for the industry what it means for our business You know, it's it's you know It helps us kind of find the clarity that we've been looking for that we did we didn't get in the last administration Right now there's two bills being proposed one is our own stablecoin bill ones around a market structure bill Those are the first steps that are going to really kind of solidify how to operate here in the US and I think global regulators Will also look at that too. So it's very exciting. We're very optimistic and couldn't kind of be Going better. I think it creates more competition in the space where I presume to be the mode is being removed Potentially, I mean it depends on how you think about regulatory mode and the competitive advantage of that I think there's going to be some operators that still maybe you know cannot operate under a rule setting regardless of where it is so we welcome more growth and opportunity and so We haven't really been thinking about regulatory capture With this change at all. What are exchanges doing in light of new ETFs being launched? You know, they're not Coins on an exchange are there competing competing product? I don't think they compete, you know when the ETFs launched last year started with Bitcoin now, we have an Ethereum ETF There's applications for other token ETFs You know one side of that is you know, all these ETF issuers need a custodian. So Gemini is actually a custodian for Some of the largest ETFs in the world in multiple countries Gemini has a little over 20 billion of crypto under management So, you know, we end up working with ETF issuers anyways through our custodianship. They also then potentially trade Settle and clear through the platform as well. I think it's I Think it's additive to our business. I think it's additive to the industry It's a different type of investor that might be buying these ETFs It might be a different type of institutional investor or a different type of consumer that invests in this But you know, you're not getting 24-7 access. You're not being able to do anything on chain with this So it's a different product so to say but I think it's additive You talk about custody. So I want to ask you about insurance How does it work in crypto world today if you can comment on it insurance? Yeah Some custodians offer our exchanges and custodians offer insurance Some don't I would assume Gemini Trust Company, which is our New York Department of Financial Services regulated qualified custodian. We do have digital asset insurance upwards of nine figures of insurance on I think it's called specie insurance for you know hacks or fraud or something so if Premiums are still pretty expensive And not everyone has insurance. We have some insurance on our qualified custodians I asked this because of the recent hack of another exchange It was the biggest hack of human history, right? So how could that be prevented in your? view yeah What happened with that hack is I? Can only see what I can see publicly and so, you know when I see publicly our security team did kind of an analysis our crypto infrastructure our wallet and key Management infrastructure is built differently our custodian is Proprietarily built in-house. I think they had a partner that was involved And so I can't speak too fluently on what happened there Other than you know, we did a review what happened to them does not impact our custodianship I think you know what we do best at Gemini is keep digital assets safe. It's what we've done for the last decade We'll continue to do that Are you in Asia we are? Gemini's Asian headquarters is in Singapore I think we have I don't know 60 employees in Singapore They manage kind of all of our operations in the region. Okay, and that is your main country in Correct. Yeah, we have an in principle approval license with the Monetary Authority of Singapore and Singapore itself Is one of our you know top? Jurisdiction of the United States of America top Jurisdictions, okay. Are you expanding to any other Asian countries? Yeah, so we operate in in other Asian countries We have a focus on Southeast Asia You know we look at you know, we look at regulation that Hong Kong passes. We look at you know, Jfsa in Japan We look at South Korean regs, you know And then maybe even outside of Southeast Asia with Australia and Turkey where there's great adoption so we look at you know The territory as a whole and you know, if it makes sense within the thesis of growth we we can you know Operate there. What is your edge? How do you compete with other local exchanges? Sure, you know Gemini has incredible products read right? So, you know, we are customer obsessed We offer simple easy to use Onboarding and getting into crypto for you know newcomers and we offer institutional grade, you know pro tail features as well. So we service everybody we have elegant products We have incredible fiat rails and we make it really easy to be the bridge from you know, traditional dollars into crypto And you know, we've been doing this for a long time. We've been doing this for over a decade We have a strong brand and great products people people love using Gemini and you do have derivatives, right? Correct. Yes What's your listings decision-making process Sure, we have You know Historically and still today. We have a pretty rigorous listing process Gemini does not have You know as many coins as some of our competitors kind of purposefully Strategically and so we have internal committees We have regulators globally that have listing frameworks as well. We follow that We get board approval You know our security teams our risk teams our fraud teams is a very Comprehensive review of a new token that goes all the way up to our board for every token that gets listed on Gemini Well, that is Interesting because other exchanges for example some exchanges in Asia the listing Happens in half a day like a coin could come out in the morning and it's on the exchange by noon We can move very quickly like technically, you know, we can operate very quickly to list new tokens But we just have a rigorous process to allow customers access to those coins within our Reasoning Safety Security soundness we want to review the contract code We want to review who who launched it the founders potentially We want to look at you know If customers are demanding it all sorts of different reasons So you're not chasing the hype so called not particularly What are red flags that you see that you know could be applied to retail investors? Can you elaborate on that red flags and projects that you may see that you would Hesitate on listing and you know some lessons you learn there that we can learn from potentially like really low float like the founding team or core team owning a really large percentage of an asset some sort of um, uh bug within like the smart contract itself You know Potential nefarious kind of market makers associated with a project things like that on the many of the founders important for you Look, uh, bitcoin doesn't have a known founder And so it's it's just a piece of our framework that we look at we do a risk assessment on many different things Uh last question for me, so can you comment on some of the Kinds of coins that are most popular right now by trading volume on gemini Yes Crypto is very interesting and you know phases come and go I think you know in the last few months meme coins had this like Big adoption rate and large volatility. I think that's actually quieted down over the last few weeks, which is interesting It was kind of a short-lived um, but you know as new layer 2s come out as new stable coins come out as kind of meme coins come out or Community tokens come out You know, we look at all those for listing on gemini, but um, it kind of comes in uh in waves question about the Crypto stockpile. Why do you think they pick these coins? Yeah, I think right now they've only committed for this Strategic reserve to be bitcoin, which I think is probably the right way to start. Um How they look at tokens after that, you know similar to how we look at utility of tokens at gemini, right? What is the value it creates? How many people are using this thing? What is the utility behind it? What is the market cap? What is the velocity? What do you know? How many developers are building on the chain? I would look at that if I was in Germany So it's not because it's made in the USA. Oh, oh that might be a component too Hard to tell sometimes what is made in the USA versus not within crypto. So That's definitely a factor. I think they look at do have a question though So it says the government can actually buy and sell these crypto altcoins How does that affect these altcoins? They're just well typically It just sounds like there's this huge whale that can buy and trade these altcoins, but how does that affect? the overall Project I don't think the US government is going to be actively trading tokens, right? I think they're going to actively Acquire through various mechanisms. They might dispose of assets for certain reasons But I don't think they're going to be trading You know for bitcoin, it's positive obviously price, you know currently hasn't like Done much with that announcement, which is you know fine generally and then for altcoins I mean if it gets announced and they have low market caps, it's probably a bullish, you know indicator for it But I don't think there's been any commitments to altcoins yet. Are you able to comment on why do we have all these great news? But the price is still low. It's still low. It's still low. It's still low So I'm wondering if you could comment on why do we have all these great news, but the price isn't that great? Yeah crypto currently at least right now is tied to broader macro the new administration President trump, you know has created friction and uncertainty in the markets through the speed at which he's operating right now I'm not too concerned about this long term at all. I think this is initial uncertainty of how he's going to you know run his administration But i've been doing crypto for a long time. This is this is nothing a short term bump, correct define short term First half of the year. Okay So we are going to have a great q3 and q4. I'm very optimistic That's great news. It's a moving interview making me cry Thank you so much marshal, of course. Thank you. Thank you. Absolutely. Thank you. Great to meet you. That was great. Thank you Awesome. Thank you. Good to meet you