 MIT study that said people use ChassisBee to get dumber. Uh-oh. We don't think an AI is going to replace a human. But you've got to start using AI. The one thing that's powerful about human ingenuity, which is also why I think AI won't replace us, there is a kind of sheer will that entrepreneurs and builders and just human ingenuity has. The kind of ingenuity that had to survive crises and wars and all these problems are the same ingenuity that we have to basically build companies and build businesses and see world opportunities that others don't. 2024 was kind of like solar-pernewers. These are pre-C tier ones, get back to startup. They're asking the question, should we use AI? And then 2025 was, how should we use AI? What we're seeing this year across all those segments in the industry is how do we operationalize AI across every segment of our business? We're all talking about one-person companies because an AI agent can do so much work for you, tokenize or die. If you don't have a token strategy, if you're not tokenized, you will lose against a company that is tokenizing. There are all these technological shifts that happen that basically you have to be ready for to address these new markets. You should be testing multiple things concurrently. There's no reason why you can't do that. If you're leveraging these agentic coding tools like Cursor or Kero or Cloud Code, you can have multiple windows opening, running, and simultaneously running different agent workloads and getting to a point where you don't even just have a POC. You actually have a production ready tool deployed in the cloud, built to scale for nothing. So you can get credits to different cloud providers like AWS Activate. So there's no excuse not to be able to go to market quickly. The ability to become an expert in everything is so much more available than ever before. And you can also fail fast. We wanted to take them away from the chat GPT search experience. That experience itself limits you. If you go into a website experiencing like search, you immediately start thinking, what should I ask it? That's not the way that you're supposed to frame it. Oh, it can actually respond in this manner. And then when you begin from that level, the imagination opens up. The difference between somebody that succeeds as a founder or a group of founders or somebody that doesn't are the ones that are committed to that learning experience and dive in deep and you understand how to use these tools, how not to use these tools, what their limits are, what these limits are, and then the light bulb moment happens. When capital meets infrastructure, we have Yatsi from Animoca Brands and Ian Holtz from AWS. This is probably one of the most important conversation you will be watching if you're a builder or an investor that is interested in tech. Hello guys. Hi. Thank you for having us. How are you feeling? There's a lot of energy. Yeah. Yeah. It's a lot of energy. I always, you know, if the markets are down, which they are a little bit in crypto, shall we say, I tell everyone, just come to a crypto conference and re-energize. And, you know, I would say true to form, consensus has been that. See, that's the most interesting part because every time when I go to a conference, we talk to builders and everyone's so excited. That's right. But the sentiment among retail investors, it feels a little different. Yeah, but I think we need to distinguish between builders and investors as well, and particularly retail investors who are really operating a little bit on fear because they have uncertainty, they don't understand what's going on. And it's not just about what's happening in crypto, it's all macro, right? Yeah. What's happening with Iran, you know, what's happening with wash, is it good for the economy or not? You know, all these things that happen all at the same time, we just don't know, right? And that uncertainty is unsettling for everything. It's not just crypto, right? But the builders, they see a future, right? If you're a builder, it doesn't matter if it's AI or crypto or whatever, they're kind of all sort of intersecting anyway. You're not here for today, you're here for tomorrow. And if you're excited about tomorrow, this is great. So come to conferences like this to see tomorrow, right? And you guys are building towards tomorrow. So basically you decide what tomorrow looks like. That's my interpretation, right? That's a bit bold. Yeah. Well, I would just say at AWS, we provide the infrastructure for the builders. They're the ones that are innovating. So from our perspective, we're democratizing access to technology. The builders of today that are innovating for tomorrow, whether those are students or tier one invested, VC startups from pre-C to series B, they have access to the very same tools. And so what I also noticed, conferences like this outside of the sentiment that we see on the media is the convergence is real, right? The convergence that we're seeing, with whether it's robotics or AI coding, accelerating workloads is happening here. And so outside of trading markets, that's the energy that we're seeing. And I think just to add to that, when you build the tools for that, and it makes it easier for innovators to come in, they can ideate and focus on creativity rather than just the tech. I mean, I was there for the early days of the internet, right? And I remember to set up a web server, I had to buy my own box. I had to literally build it. And of course today I can do everything virtually. I just do it on a dashboard and voila, I have a server. And the abstraction layer goes even higher and higher between applications, between services. And this is the thing about blockchain. Blockchain is another one of those layers that abstracts essentially the security layer of anything that has value, essentially whether it's financial, whether it's asset holding. You know, one of the big topics last year was prediction markets, like Polymarket. I don't think a lot of people know that Polymarket was built on blockchain. I don't think a lot of people care. However, Polymarket would not have been able to be built in the speed and the manner in which it has if it wasn't for blockchain. Because think about what it would take to build an infrastructure that can handle your money, that can put a bet on the millions of dollars of size, that can do all that type of stuff. You'd have to sort of hire someone that basically can build like a quasi mini bank, which would cost not millions, but probably hundreds of millions of dollars in infrastructure. That infrastructure is not just available for Polymarket, it's available from the 16 to 14 year old to the 70 or 80 year old. And they can all innovate on top of it, add vibe coding to it. And you know, my mom can start coding financial applications if she wanted to, because the hard part is taken care of, right? And so I think we're entering a world that's gonna be much more creative, which is why we're all seeing a lot more startups and entrepreneurs. That's actually accelerating, it's not declining. I remember being a startup entrepreneur in the 90s, it's a long time ago, meant you were unemployed, that's really what it was. Nobody would hire you, so you start your own company, right? And now it's kind of expected almost, right? If you go to your parents and you say, especially Chinese parents, or maybe Asian parents generally, and you say, hey, you know, I'm gonna do my own startup, try that 20 years ago, right? And now it's like, okay, go ahead, that's cool, right? So yeah, it's changed a lot. Do you think capital decides where technology goes, or is it the other way around? You know, I don't think those are opposing. I think they compound each other. So if you start thinking about investment without infrastructure, that's speculation. You start talking about infrastructure without investments, that's unused compute. So they're not opposing forces, they're compounding forces in my view. Yeah, and I think also just to add on that, I mean, the one thing that's powerful about human ingenuity, which is also why I think AI won't replace us, right? Even though we're talking about AGI and all that kind of stuff, which it's a different topic altogether, is that there is a kind of sheer will that entrepreneurs and builders and just human ingenuity has. I know the kind of ingenuity that had to survive crises and wars and all these problems are the same ingenuity that we have to basically build companies and build businesses and see world opportunities that others don't, right? And then they create this kind of impact. And now because the cost of that deployment has gone lower and lower and lower, I mean, we're all talking about one person sort of companies because an AI agent can do so much work for you, and it's reduced over time. I mean, you had to hire so many more people just to run a website, and now you basically just do it yourself, for instance, as an example. That type of stuff makes it just possible to just grow, and the cost isn't that high anymore, right? Okay. So I think when we look at, for instance, our investment side, because we have a lot of them, right? The sort of seed investing startup phase was often, I have an idea, and this is what I need to get my idea going. Okay, fine, here's the equity, here's the one, I do this. But he didn't have a product. Now seed is, here's my product, it's built. It doesn't really quite have maybe product market fit, but maybe you can help me with this. It's completely different. We're basically evolved to really the stage in investing of a seed company is much more like a series A-ish type company, or pre-series A, say even 10 years ago, right? So the cost is low, and the risk is much lower as well. People are talking about AI agents, but I wanna know how far away from people actually building companies with AI agents, how far are we? What we're seeing from builders is as fast as it's moved, there's still a gap, right? So there's a big gap between an agent buying an airplane ticket versus an agent buying an airplane ticket. Oh yeah, yeah, for sure. So we're clearly in category one. There's a ways to go to get to category two. We're seeing glimpses of it, but we're not quite there yet. Is it easier for, let's say, if I'm a solopreneur, it's easier for me to try out AI agents and all these different tools. But when we talk about big companies, they're very careful when it comes to... I think there's a different perspective as well. When we come about big companies, there's a lot of private data that they have to protect. So it's about policy. I mean, I don't think many corporations will be happy to install OpenClaw right into their local servers. I mean, in their local infrastructure, that would be a problem, because they're gonna do and see stuff that is like, what is all this about? However, and if you're a solopreneur or a small office, the risks are much lower and you can experiment around that. But I think what you saw with OpenClaw, it kind of opened up the possibility to say, wait, hold on, you can kind of do this stuff. And to your point, it's, again, because we don't think an AI is gonna replace a human, but the instrumentation is gonna be happening through an AI agent who can do all this stuff for you as well, right? So you don't have to do all the minutia, set up the GitHub, set up the infrastructure, even write down the sort of draft email, that kind of stuff. It can do 90% of that or 95% of that. And then you go in at the final stages and edit and review. So you have to understand it, right? It's not going to, it's gonna write well for you, but you still have to know how to write, right? You don't know how to write, then, you know, whether it's code or whether it's English or whether it's Chinese, if you don't know how to do that, it's not gonna help you, right? So you still need the foundations, but when you have that, it can be a really, really powerful agent. The other thing, of course, is what I find really powerful with what we have with AnimocoMines, which is our own sort of AI agent, is it's a way in which an agent can neutrally organize, essentially, collaborative workspaces in really a sort of apolitical way. Because you know what? Well, so if an AI agent basically gives you an output or makes a suggestion or even says it's a dumb idea, you won't be offended quite the same way, right? But it's very different if a coworker you work together with basically says, that is stupid. I'm not saying that an AI agent should say that, but the criticism is very different. And so they're actually great arbiters, not because they're the ones that have the final judgment, but you will look at it not in the same way, right? And the other thing is that, because AI agents like this have persistent memory, they can basically recollect stuff for you on instruction that you might forget. Because we have one side, incredible creativity and that kind of consciousness that AI doesn't have, but that same creativity, because we have feelings and we have emotions, can impact us in ways that an AI will not, right? And so what we're seeing right now is that an AI agent is going to be in every part of your workspace to assist and support you, not to replace you, and then basically to accelerate your work effort. And also in family planning, in sort of life schedules, calendar, booking tickets, right? I mean, that's going to do a lot, right? As you said. You know, I think, you know, we're in Hong Kong. We get spoiled in Hong Kong a little bit because we have a lot of help. Most of the world does not, right? So most of the world could take good use of an AI agent like that. I would just add to, I mean, you asked about solopreneurs. Yeah, touched on data sovereignty and the skepticism around trust related to OpenFaw and enterprise. I will tell you from an infrastructure perspective, if you look back two years in 2024 versus 2025 versus this year, we're definitely seeing shifts happening. So, you know, 2024 was kind of like, this is solopreneurs, these are pre-seed tier ones, speed backed startups, these are enterprises across the spectrum, across the segment, across geos. They're asking the question, should we use AI, right? In 2024, right? And then 2025 was not should we use AI, how should we use AI, right? And so what we're seeing this year across all those segments in industry is how do we operationalize AI across every segment of our business? And so, yeah, these things are happening. There's still a gap, like I said, between booking the airplane tickets and running your business, but that reality is fast approaching. You've seen a lot of builders. What are some things and trends that you've seen that excites you the most? I cover agentic coding tools. Okay. So at AWS, we have a flagship tool called Kiro, but we also support anthropic cloud code natively within Bedrock. I work with a lot of startups that are supporting a variety of other agentic coding tools. So what I've seen as a developer in the industry for a very long time is we're seeing a 10x output from developers. And so I'm working with senior level developers that had started tinkering with these tools a few years ago, wasn't really working, was creating a lot of slop. The ones that are fully bracing it and they're actually not writing any code. So you start talking about two week sprints being conducted in a day. There's terminology around that, around conversion between sprints to bolts. And so what took teams of people to develop product in three or six months is now being done in weeks. And that's again across segments, geos and enterprises to start up. So that's what I'm saying is really an acceleration by leveraging these agentic coding tools. I mean, we're particularly excited about how the entire framing of the web is basically changing into one where maybe this potentially could be one of the biggest challenges for at least the incumbent platforms. And the reason why is that because the biggest business model for them has been advertising. And when you think about advertising, basically in an agentic world, like we're moving into sort of, Web3 was a foundation that layer where you could have ownership to blockchain. And basically, I don't know if you wanna call it Web4, but essentially the agentic web effectively allows you to pull all this information. We're still used to going somewhere to pull information, and we're not used to getting this information pushed to us because there's a lot of slot. As in even an AI recommendation engine typically will send you stuff that you don't want, so you don't really care about it. You wanna go to the destination. And if you look at chat GPT as the sort of OG of this sort of, you know, LLM moment, this sort of chat GPT moment, as they say, the interface was search. It wasn't a special innovation. It wasn't like an agent talking to you. It was basically just a better search. And many, many companies are already saying, wait, hold on a second. I'm not actually getting, I'm getting less clicks on my website because now if I'm going to Google, Jim and I is giving you everything you need to know. I don't have to hop into that next stage, right? So there's gonna be this whole movement around, okay, how do I get my fair share? You know, YouTube had to have content ID with the creators. There's gonna be a version around that. There's gonna be a whole movement around, you know, it's already happening with MCP servers, right? So we're moving from HTTP to MCP, right? The user is getting everything delivered to it through the agent, right? Whether it's the messenger, whether it's a application that you're using. And the entire framing of the web is gonna change from the way that we're experiencing it, more efficiently, more faster. But also as a result of that, this is why we think the token economy has become so powerful because how are all of those sort of MCP sort of servers are going to sort of exchange value with each other? It's gonna be through a token infrastructure, which is basically one that is something that you can verify or approve, but that's a stable coin or another token. That's kind of beside the point. It's like, oh, I know this is real, right? And then, by the way, this is also why digital identity becomes so critically important, which is why we're building rails around that too, because I need to know whether this agent is verified. We're gonna have more agents transacting than humans. And I don't mean just money. I mean like taking data, doing that kind of stuff, right? How do I know that he's authorized to do so? You need an identity layer that has a reputation stack that could be entirely digital, that could be just an agent, right? And we're really excited about that because through that infrastructure, maybe we can now establish the framing that we were hoping for with Web3, better sharing of that value. Because right now, it's not transparent, right? Google controls essentially much of that supply, right? Effectively directing advertising, you have to pay them all the money. What happens if I now can freeze their token economy? Now you have also third party people who can actually also bet into that, so to speak, say, hey, you know what? I think this website might be popular with the data they're creating. I can actually be an investor in the asset class of that data, right? Data is actually, it has always been a commodity, but it wasn't possible to do so until tokenization. You know, RWA is an interesting comment topic because everyone says, a real world asset is a real estate, is a stocks. Yeah, but you know, for our children, when we tokenized video game items as NFTs, that was a real world to them, right? It's super, you know, data is basically, I would say, an RWA. It's just never been framed in this way because, you know, when we talk about sort of intellectual property rights and taking royalties and turning that into a tokenized yield product, we call that an RWA, but what is IP? It's entirely virtual, right? So really, I think RWA is just a fancy way to try to connect the physical to the digital world, but to the human mind, it's all real anyway. I think in one of your interviews you talk about, in the future, every company will launch your token. Is that correct? What I said was tokenize or die. Right, right. What I meant by that was that if you don't have a token strategy, if you're not tokenized, you will lose against a company that is tokenizing. Explain that. Well, so think about the early days of the internet when we had this thing called digital literacy. You lost to the company that went online. If you're a media company, if your newspaper and your newspaper competitor went online, you lost to that guy, right? If you were selling books and there was an online bookseller, you lost to the guy who was an online bookseller, clearly, right? You know, predecessor here, right? So yeah, the point being that there are all these technological shifts that happen that basically you have to be ready for to address these new markets. If you were not on the app store and your competitor who was in the app store, he would win against you. If you were on social media and your competitor was not, you will win against, you know, it's a classic thing. So for tokenization, it's the same. But for tokenization, it's not only because agents can read your asset, that's a big one, or maybe that's a youth asset class that people like. It's also the fact that you have now new financial instrumentations available to you that make it possible to leverage your assets, right? Which if you can leverage your assets that you couldn't lever before and your competitor can't do that, game over for your competitor, right? So that's what I mean by tokenize or die. Now, if you happen to be fortunate enough to be in an industry where tokenization doesn't matter because nobody tokenizes, it's all the same. But my point is that if you can figure out the token strategy, which we think you will be able to, just like how you'll figure out your internet strategy back in the day, right? Then you will win. And every company has to think about how do I tokenize? Because if you don't tokenize, you'll be left out of this agentic web. If someone is watching this episode and they really want to start their own thing, you know, they're very inspired by what you guys are saying. What are some really cool ideas, you know, you can come up with or any suggestions to whoever that's watching? That's a great question. I talked to a lot of founders and, you know, if we're talking about Web3 in general, we're definitely seeing it not being limited to, you know, crypto or gaming. It's impacting everything from supply chain management to database analytics through, you know, zero-knowledge proof and, you know, mining data that's not accessible before. So really the sky's the limit. The advice that I do give to founders is pick the problem, pick something that you're passionate about, make sure that the economics work, and find product-market fit, right? So, you know, I've even failed as a founder where I built something that I thought was incredibly compelling. It was also innovative. It worked. But it didn't have that product-market fit. And the economics didn't work. So, you know, we were able, this is one of my early-stage startups where, you know, we're still able to onboard, you know, hundreds of thousands of users, but the economics didn't make sense. So, you know, just because you can create a product doesn't mean you should create a product. So, you know, I won't try to guide them into a particular segment or an idea, because I think the sky's the limit with the tools that they have today, with democratizing access to technology, the agentic workflows that are coming. It's really, you know, a one-person show with almost nothing, you know, can build a working product and find that product-market fit. And, you know, I, myself, like all of the other passionate builders around the world, you should be testing multiple things concurrently. There's no reason why you can't do that. If you're leveraging these agentic coding tools like Kerscher or Kero or Cloud Code, you can have multiple windows opening, running simultaneously, running different agent workloads, and getting to a point where you don't even just have a POC. You actually have a production-ready tool deployed in the cloud, built to scale, for nothing, right? So, you can get credits to different cloud providers, like AWS Activate. So, there's no excuse not to be able to go to market quickly. You guys are giving out credits, right? We are, yeah. Tell us about it. Yeah, so we offer, out of the box, up to 100K in credits. There's exceptions up to 200K and beyond for GEN.AI use cases. So, yeah, you can find credits for AWS at startups.aws. So, it's our flagship program for founders. And it's not just about credits. You know, the credit part's important because we want to eliminate barriers to infrastructure. But it's also providing go-to-market support. It's also providing technical support. So, again, our goal is to provide the tools and provide democratization and to lift those barriers on infrastructure so founders can get to building and scaling. Yeah, I mean, I think the one thing I would say to founders, I mean, there's so much, right? Rather than talk about a specific category, is you just have to be excited about learning all the latest new technologies and just get into it. If you don't have a learning mind frame, it doesn't matter what it is, right? So, you know, it sounds very trope, you've got to be curious and blah, blah, blah. But it is true, right? Because, you know, you might have a great idea and, you know, you want to solve a problem. But if you lack the curiosity to go dive deep into technology, well, by the way, you don't have to be a technologist to understand it, but you just have to dive deep into it and kind of become, and it's this thing, the ability to become an expert in everything is so much more available than ever before, right? And you can also fail fast. And you can fail fast, exactly. And you can just dive into this. And then when you use the tools and you're in that ecosystem, then you go, oh, that's possible, and this is possible, and that's the idea, right? You know, I think the problem, a lot of it is, I say it's kind of like the sort of the international China thing, which is like, oh, China has a billion users back in the day, right? And they're like, if I sell shoes there, it's going to do really well, right? 10%. I just need like, oh yeah, 1%, yeah, my goodness, this is a billion Chinese. So let's do that. Let's just roll it out. I just go and do that. And then it turns out it's much harder, because guess what? They had to go to China, maybe have to speak the language, they have to learn stuff. You know, get a bank account. Go and meet all the vendors, and suddenly, through that process of that whole step, after he's done that for a year or two or six months or whatever, then they become an expert. And then they identify, oh, this is how I do this, and this is how I sort of navigate this. Now, because of AI and because of blockchain and Web3, you can do this all in your own bedroom. You don't have to travel anywhere, but you do have to go in. So, you know, we meet founders who say they use AI, and we see this in the business plan, and then it's very easy when you talk to them a little bit, actually, how much AI are they really using, right? Are you using AI to get ChatGPT to basically write your business plan, or use Notebook LLM from Google, which is a fascinating product, by the way, or are you actually going deeper with it and how you optimize those workflows? Does it matter? It matters greatly, because, you know, to me, using ChatGPT is what everyone else can do. It's like, I'm great at Google search, good for you. But it's not something that gives you a particularly particular competitive advantage, because everyone else can do that, but how are you optimizing workflows is gives you the insight, ah, you get it, or this is what you're doing. And it's even away from the jargon. Like, it doesn't matter which LLM you're using per se, right? It's more about what are you trying to optimize. The LLM will come to it when you know what you're trying to optimize for, right? And that's why, you know, you got to use some kind of framework, right? You got to start using AI, because you could be using AI just for a business solution. Nobody said that you had to program everything from scratch. If you know what it could do, then you can imagine it. Then you'll go into the rabbit hole of saying, how do I solve that, right? And again, with Web3 as well, we've had so many, I mean, back in the early days, so many companies said, oh, I want to tokenize, I want to tokenize. Have you ever bought a token? No. Okay, do you have a wallet? Yeah, I don't know, right? That's impossible to have a real conversation then, because they see the prospect, but they don't understand it. So you have to do the work. Let's say you're a person that is really interested in this new AI wave, and they want to build a business around it. But, you know, the analogy I would use is, if you can't build a phone, maybe you can build a phone case. You can start a company that sells phone case. Or if you can't even do that, can you open a shop that helps people put on the protector? Like, there are so many different levels when it comes to the industry. So I know that analogy, it's a niche, right? So instead of creating a segment, you're creating a supplier to a particular niche. But, you know, with AI, I think, I mean, it really could be anything. I mean, it's kind of a non-answer, but it could be database analytics. It could be scalability. It could be helping identify, you know, customer segments. It could be scalability. I mean, really the sky's the limit. I don't think there's one single answer. I mean, maybe, yeah, you have a different idea. I mean, I think you're going to lean on tokenization. No, I know. Obviously, but. But. Yeah. So I don't think there's, I mean, in the movement that we're seeing in the AI impact, I don't think there's a single industry that outshines the others that can be impacted or capitalized on. So on the token infrastructure, the way we think about token infrastructure, it lays the foundation for agentic AIs. Right. Right, so take that aside. There's a model around that. I think most people are going to be approaching it from the agent or AI side, where the token just becomes infrastructure to support them on the transaction on the system and whatever, to make it optimized in that manner. But on the AI side, let's say you're not technical at all, you can basically just start using one of those agent frameworks. And they're getting so much easier. So we built one called AnimocoMines. And again, you don't have to use ours, but this one activates over email. And we decided to do it over email because there was an interface that was easier for you to understand for most people because they're still using email in their work. And by activating it over email, I don't go to a website. We wanted to take them away from the chat GPT search experience because that experience itself limits you. Right, so if you go into a website and you're experiencing like search, you immediately start thinking, what should I ask it? And that's not the way that you're supposed to frame it. Right, and then maybe there's prompts and so on. And over time, they start reacting to it. And then you start to imagine, oh, you can do this. I didn't know this, right? And so many people are surprised, oh, it can actually respond in this manner. And then do that. And then when you begin from that level, the imagination opens up. It's not about do I choose cursor or do I want an abstraction of that, like lovable or like whatever, like these toolings, right? I mean, there's great, you know, 11 labs with voice, right? Or, you know, with Gemini, the amazing thing that they're doing on like all sorts of things you can do from a tooling standpoint. Those are tools. Kira's a good one too. Yeah, Kira's great. I'm gonna buy it. Yes, exactly, of course. What I'm saying is that that requires a certain level of knowledge already, right? So it's like if you know what kind of car you wanna build, because you've basically studied different cars and you've gone into the rabbit hole, then you'll find the parts. Do I need plexiglass? Do I need this? You know, which engine do I wanna use? You know, like those things come when you know what you want, but you gotta start somewhere. Like, you know, I don't know any car builder that doesn't drive. Yeah. I mean, right? Yeah. And you have to have that passion around it. And the nice thing about AI, it's so ubiquitous. You know, was it maybe five years ago or six years ago that, you know, if you asked your children what's the top job you wanted, it was like YouTuber or something, or, you know, some social media influencer. A great job, by the way. Yeah, yes, of course. But why was that? Right, because it was something that they engaged in, they were passionate, they could see it. And similarly, you know, there's no rule book about it. But then you start saying, oh, okay, so which platform, what are they doing? You dive deeper into this area, and then suddenly you find your areas of expertise that you can emerge from that and sort of optimize. Right, it's the same thing, right? Yeah, it's making a great point about diving in deep. And I mean, there's no greater time to do it than now, obviously. But I mean, as you dive deep, you learn the limits of these tools, and you eventually learn how to use these tools, but also you learn how not to use these tools. Yeah. Right, and so, you know, regardless of the tool that you use, you know, I truly am tool agnostic, as long as you are using a tool, right? And so, you know, I'm building all the time, I'm failing all the time. And I'm learning how to use them, how not to use them. I'm deploying, you know, products that are over engineered, right, that are not cost optimized. And then what I'll do is I'll create another project, I'll reference that product, and I'll say, okay, iterate on that, these are the lessons that are in that. And so that's not something that was taught, that was something that I learned as I dove in deep, right? And so the more that you, and you know, the difference between somebody that succeeds as a founder, or a group of founders, or somebody that doesn't, are the ones that are committed to that learning experience, and diving in deep learning, and iterating potentially on multiple tools simultaneously. And then once you dive in deep, and you understand, you know, how to use these tools, how not to use these tools, what their limits are, what these limits are, at the same time, concurrently, these tools are getting better and better. And that's when you start to figure out, this is the path. And that's when you also start to figure out, how does this align with what I'm passionate about? How does this also align with what my resources are, what my networks is like? And then that's when sort of, you know, hopefully, if you follow that process, that's when the light bulb moment happens, and then you're off to the races. The light bulb moment comes when you're solving a problem. Yeah. Right, for even when you talk about, I'm hitting the limits of this, well, how do I work around it? That's problem solving. Yeah. Right, is it another tool, is it a barrier, is there a workaround, how do I do it? And this is also an element of grit. I might not know how to do this now, but I'll figure out how to overcome this particular mountain so that I get there, right? And frankly, you know, if you want to go slightly philosophical, that's how we will have an edge over AI. Oh, I like that. Yeah, because, you know, this learning mindset and disability to problem solve on the fly and being able to sort of deal with uncertainty is not something that an AI can do because it's not trained for that. It's trained on existing models and it will give you good choices. But the ultimate decision framing is yours. And if you don't, if you delegate everything to AI, you know, there was this MIT study that said, people use ChatGBT to get dumber, right? I mean, you know, typical headline. You know, it was a certain number of people, not all, right? I guess they just looked at it. But I can see how that happens. You know, if you're basically just giving the essay, if you don't know how to sort of write and you give the essay to ChatGBT to write an essay for you, you don't know how to write, right? You just don't know the principles of it. It just wrote it for you. And it may be good or it may be bad. But the point is, is that you've gained nothing from it. You've not iterated yourself, right? And so the ability for you to then navigate that and know how to make it better goes away. So this idea of schooling through the hard work, whether it's math or even sort of, you know, the scientific approach, these are just methods for you to basically iterate yourself to get to a decision framing around where you can solve these problems. And human are irrational to a machine. We make decisions that are completely irrational. Every major startup that's built, or small startup, is an irrational decision. Right, I mean, you're not building something that is certain, you're building something highly uncertain. You're putting money on the line, you're wasting your time potentially, right? If you're being logical, you would have never done it. Yes, if you're a machine, don't do it, right? Because the probability of failure is incredibly high. And yet we do that because we're risk engines. You know, I mean, even, you know, I would argue every attempt at a relationship, we're taking a risk even though internally we're able to calculate that, a machine would probabilistically say, no, don't do that, right? That's where reasoning and critical thinking come in. Exactly, exactly. And so you need to realize when to use it and when not to use it. It does, it still is based on, at least today, you know, prompt and output. There isn't an evaluation and a learning feedback loop yet. And that's the differentiation, I think, from where we're at today versus human. I mean, I think we both lived in a time when the calculator was not allowed in the classroom. That's right. Right? And the criticism was, it will make you dumb. Yeah. You will not know how to do math. That's right. The calculator has made math not just more abundant, but the, you know, faster, bigger, faster breakthroughs in math, because now more people can do math because of the calculator and then the computer. Right, I think AOI will do the same. I 100% agree, yeah. I mean, it's like transportation. I mean, you know, did it, should you still keep walking around or take a train? Yeah, like, yeah, I mean... You could use a horse. You could use a horse, yeah, exactly. The last question before we wrap up is, if I want to build something, do I increase my chance to be backed by Enemoca if I use AWS? Ha ha ha ha! What a set of questions. Well, okay, so first of all, I'm afraid to say the answer is no. Yeah, I know the answer to that already. You know, we wouldn't want to know whether you're using AWS. We would want to know how you're using AWS, right? So if you come to us and say, I'm using AWS with this, with this, this, optimize whatever, I know the price structure, I can optimize it and blah, blah, blah, that says something about you, right? That's more important than this particular tool. Oh yeah, of course, of course. Yes, of course. Yeah, and I would just add to that, you know, from a different lens to Yatt's exact point, that we see a lot of founders, regardless of cloud provider, you know, making poor scaling decisions, right? And so the last thing, regardless of the cloud provider that you choose as a founder, to be going through when you're scaling is a migration. And so we spent a lot of time, you know, leveraging and working with tools that are using off-the-shelf systems that work quite well, but they lack the infrastructure to provide scaling security. So again, the last thing you want to be going through is a migration when you're scaling. And so you need to start thinking about, regardless of the cloud provider, you know, what tools that you're using that are going to allow you to scale securely and safely. Hey, just one quick thing in closing, if we have time. So AWS and Animoca are partnering on an agentic World Cup of football. Oh, that, okay. We were talking about that. Yeah, so last week, stealth mode, but basically developers of all sizes are going to be able to go through a workshop to learn about how to develop agents. And then one of the outcomes of that is a game interface that Animoca has designed. So the agents will be competing in a soccer tournament in real time. And we're going to be running that at scale globally to correspond with FIFA this year. So be on the lookout for that. And some people might do some polymarket bets on the side, I'm sure. I would not be surprised. Indeed. We got to figure out a way to tokenize this. Yes, exactly, exactly, yeah. See, I love this conversation because I've learned so much from you guys. It's always great talking to you. And my God, I've learned so much from you, Ian. Thank you guys for being on the show. Thank you for having us. And please come back soon. I would love to have you back. There's so much more we can talk about.