 Diversity is a total bullshit, almost like real estate, home to a horrific investment. Housing limits options. Why would I want to lock myself in this? I think these are just cultural beliefs that the banking system sold us. This is a cultural thing. It is not an investment. But there are a lot of people that make their fortune with real estate, right? Is it still possible today? I think everyone is already at peak consumption, especially the super rich. They can't have any more villas, they don't need any more Rolexes, they only have some of the gullies and cars and persons and mistresses and villas and boats and airplanes. The super wealthy, very sophisticated players from the last few years have been studying this market and they're now coming into a very different appetite. You're absolutely out of your mind. Oh my God, you guys are going to end up broke. Today's guest is someone our viewer absolutely loved last time. He was on and the feedback was off the charts. Hello, Gary. Hello. Good to see you, Bonnie. I think people really resonates with your comment. You said owning a home is a terrible, terrible, terrible investment and you used three terrible. I'll just cut to the chase. Owning a home is a horrible, horrible, horrible investment. Some people hated it. Some people loved it. Is it really that bad? Well, mathematically, I think I can prove that it's a horrific, terrible times three investment. The other thing is I think they really take up a lot of time and energy. A husband and wife get married. Sally and Bob get married and it's a beautiful April day. Then the culture of Sally says in order to be successful, you must own a home. The truth is unless you could pay cash for that home, you don't really own it. They're really saying that you need to take a liability out, put some weight on your back to own something or at least pretend to the public that you own something. Sally and Bob are all excited. They're romantic. Then on a Saturday afternoon, Bob's got to go fix the roof or Bob's got to fix the plumbing. Now, all of a sudden, Sally really married a plumber and a roof maker. You see how the house now is starting to interfere with a relationship because I don't think the lady really wanted to hire a plumber or marry a plumber. You're literally spending time taking care of this thing instead of taking care of each other. No one ever has walked into my home and said, by the way, before I step into this door, do you own or rent it? As if it would be a different experience with me whether I had a mortgage or did not have a mortgage or had a lease. So I think these are just cultural beliefs that the banking system sold us so that we would own a home. Maybe in 1950, it was cool. But in 2025, when you have a transient world where we can speak to people in Asia at the click of a switch with high stream video, why would I want to lock myself into a zip code? Into one county or one province or one anything, it's limited my options. Housing limits options. But there are a lot of comments. People say, oh, the fact that you say owning a home is a bad investment, it's just in the US. You know, Taiwan and Asia are different, they said. Well, it depends if you're buying a home because you like to sweep up the floors and take care of things and have this place that you call home. Like I don't, you know, I have a mortgage on a home. I wish I didn't. By that, I mean, this house that I live in is not worth $120 million. Had I invested the same amount of money in 2020, October of 2020 in the home I live in, I think you're going to come to an event at my house in November. You let me know if this house is worth $120 million or not. Had I invested that same amount of money in October of 2020 in the Bitcoin, it would be worth $120 million today. Like, did my house really increase in value? No, you're going to sit here and go do this house. It's nice, but it's not worth $120 million. How many homes could I have rented or bought? How many hotels could I have bought for $120 million? The return over 10 years, three years or 20 years is very, very different. I actually looked it up. So because people commented like, oh, it's different in the U.S. and Taiwan. So I looked it up the past 20 years, Taipei and L.A. comparison, price growth Taipei 2.5 to 3x, L.A. 2 to 2.5x. But net yield, Taiwan is actually lower than 0 percent, L.A. 2 to 4 percent growth. So it's not good. I think if you run the numbers, the numbers, it's not an investment. It's a luxury. And no one said anyone had to own a home. When you come to America, you don't buy the whole hotel. You rent a room and you have no shame about it. It's efficient. This is a cultural thing. It is not an investment. I think it's a liability. It's something that you it's like you're walking around with luggage all the time. You can't easily get out. If I offered you a job for half a million dollars today and you lived in a I've literally had people say, listen, I can't move from Arizona because my two year old kid is building his social network. Oh, yeah. OK. And well, the real deal is the wife likes having mom nearby so she can have a rent a nanny. But the guy passed on a half a million dollar job because he owns a house in Arizona and has a cheap interest rate. I hear this all the time. I can't move. I have a four percent note. Really, you have a four. So you're worried about paying two more percentage points on a hundred grand. Because you don't want to leave Arizona, you want to leave Arizona, but you want that four percent note and you won't move it for six percent. It's a two percent delta on a hundred grand. It's nothing. Two thousand dollars a year. Do not have optionality. I don't get it. That's why I love Bitcoin because it gives me an unbelievable upside potential and unlimited optionality. Can I say it's also an emotional thing because I know I'll never get kicked out of my house. The biggest impact of the US genius project is the development of the stable currency and the new revolution of cross-border payment. The stable currency is like the digital currency. It's super convenient and the transaction cost is super low. If Taiwan can handle this wave of money, for example, the stable currency that was launched by Taiwan, it may not only help companies reduce the cost of cross-border transactions, but it can also attract more world-class financial and technological talents to Taiwan. Taiwan's strongest is the export trade. If you can use the stable currency to make cross-border payments, companies can make international transactions faster and cheaper. This is a great advantage for increasing international competitiveness. If you want to follow the latest technology and financial revolution, you must pay attention to the new financial and economic forum AWS 2025. There will be a lot of super strong cards in the forum, especially those from finance, game, entertainment, sports, and retail industries. For example, StreetX, Coupon, Japan's Sanlin Bank, Sport, and Raider will share how they can grasp the wave of financial technology and how these big companies use AWS and AI to increase competitiveness. This event also prepared a super-rich AWS gift. Digital financial technology is re-living the global financial map. You definitely won't want to miss it. I recommend everyone to participate in this wonderful forum. Now click on the registration link below to participate. See you in the forum. I bought my first home seven years ago and the price doubled since then. But people look at it and be like, oh. Did you sell it? No. Did you sell it? No. Why not? Why not? You doubled it in seven years. That's a good return. Yeah. People would look at it and be like, this is great. But if you look at it in Bitcoin terms, it's terrible. Horrific. But at the time, like you said, it's probably like a luxury. It's an emotional comfort. And that was the best purchase, right? The thing is, though, you haven't even considered selling it. It's doubled in price. If Bitcoin doubled in price, if you'd bought Bitcoin, you'd have bought Bitcoin at $16,000. You had a 10x. The 10x right now, seven years is probably more than that. But let's call it a 10x. You would have put $100,000 into your home. You'd have made $1.2 million right now. You would have already looked at selling your Bitcoin from 16 to 35. You'd have been like, that's a double. You would have. But with your house, you never even think about it. Now, I'm going to say that unless you think house prices are going to go up 8% a year forever, you've probably made the most amount of money you're going to make on that house. That means $200,000 house, that's $16,000 a year, an increase every year. On the Bitcoin, you would have probably sold it at 35.55. And house, you didn't even think about it. And that return is going down now. That return will not go up from here. The IRR, right? The internal rate of return, time value of return. I made all my money on this house probably in the first two years. And everything after this is going to be less return. But there are a lot of people that make their fortune with real estate, right? Is it still possible today? I mean, I've got a famous brother that he's made a lot of money on real estate. Is it possible? I think it's possible the way he's doing it. But he's buying, let's not conflate real estate. There's three buckets of real estate, really. There's, well, maybe four. There's multi-dwelling, which is what we do. Apartments that generate income. There's homes, which is what we're talking about. Homes are a horrific investment. There's farming agricultural, okay, which really requires you to farm the land. And then there's corporate commercial. Corporate commercial is destroyed. I mean, it's absolutely destroyed. I mean, it's absolutely... In America, it's just absolutely hammered. This is all the stuff in 2020 and 2021 that was bought. And it was bought with zero, you know, all interest. All interest, 2%. And then that 2% went to 6. And now people are upside down. If you really analyze the market, all that real estate, it's the 2020 and the 2021, and the private equity stuff, all that vintage was over... It just got overpriced. And it got overpriced with extremely cheap debt that now has changed. And they can't afford the rates. I think you can make money in real estate. I think it's... To me, real estate was an awesome investment until Bitcoin came around. If you're an old family and you've been doing real estate your whole life, you were doing yourself an absolute disservice if you do not understand the relationship or the correlation between a physical piece of real estate, corporate, residential, or otherwise, in Bitcoin. If you have some kind of challenge and you don't understand it, you serve yourself very, very well to understand why that is. And maybe I'm wrong, but it's worth your time for your debate for sure. Remember, Grant said, can you live in Bitcoin? Not in Bitcoin? You don't have a use... What would happen to cars? Nobody's sleeping in Bitcoin, bro. Like, you guys got to get off this craziness. This is about investing. Can you sleep in a Bitcoin? I don't think so. I think his argument is real estate is still very big asset class. And people like us, we love Bitcoin and all we talk about is Bitcoin. But we cannot ignore that big asset class. Well, I don't think anybody's ignoring it. One, I think most people already have all the real estate they need. This is why I'm very bearish on legacy assets as you and I know them. I think everyone is already at peak consumption. And I think with that, right, I think everyone, especially the super rich, in fact, the rich, I think they can't have any of that. I think they can't have any more villas. They don't need any more Rolexes. They can only have so many bagatis and cars and purses and mistresses and villas and boats and airplanes. There gets a point when you're like, hey, I don't need another 650. Okay, I don't need another Colorado house. Now, what don't they have? So I think when Grant, I will say one thing, it's going to be really interesting to watch his progression now. I will predict his progression will be, you will see a man from legacy assets change to Bitcoin so hard. He will understand the value of having premier piece of real estate that he is not locked up in a location. We are having floods all over this country right now. Chicago, New Mexico, Texas, it's not hitting Bitcoin. These storms are not harming Bitcoin. And you cannot tell me you're not sitting on tons of real estate and there's lightning storms and all kinds of events and fires and wars and you don't have exposure. You cannot pick up a piece of real estate and just move it. So there's a huge value. Oh, wow, I have a rare piece of real estate. 3,500 billionaires on this planet. 3,500 billionaires on planet Earth. Each of them worth an average of four and a half to five and a half billion dollars. I think 30 or 40 of them are in Bitcoin. Oh, that's not a lot. That is 10%. 10% is 350 billionaires. Five and a half billion dollar valuation each. They all buy 20%. We have major analytics firms now suggesting 30% and 40% allocation to Bitcoin. Of 300 billionaires decide they're going to buy 300 billion dollars worth of Bitcoin each, 1 billion each. If it goes to zero, which is impossible to do at this point, their life does not change. If it increases 10x, my God. Okay, the asymmetrical nature of this trade for extremely wealthy people. These people are coming in buying thousands of Bitcoin right now. They are not buying 10 Bitcoin. This is my point about my brother. My brother represents a substructure or subsection of a certain type of investor. I was in front of him being a little crazier. Much more risk, happy to be early, don't care about legacy, didn't have a business. I was trying to protect. The people even before me that came in 13, they were just anarchists. Some of them won lottery tickets and some of them understood what we were doing. Now, you have a real industry here, a two trillion dollar industry. My brother was never going to double his real estate position. Not possible. That's how I pitched him. Hey, if you want to double or triple your position, you're going to have to do something out of the box. You can't keep going to the bank going, hey, can I borrow 80% of your money? You can't keep going to the bank going, hey, can I borrow 80 million dollars? Then it's just too much work. Now you see, once you get a taste of this, it's a little bit like selling street drugs. Once somebody gets a taste of it, if it's a good experience for them, they go deeper. We are having in the last two years, and this is, you people need to really understand what's happening here. The super wealthy, very sophisticated players in the last two years have been studying this market and they're now coming in and they're coming in with a very different appetite for consumption of Bitcoin. This is not the prior 13 years that these are professionals. Like I've been buying Bitcoin as a 15 to 20 year play. I'm not getting rid of my Bitcoin. It is a real estate play for me. I've been doing this my whole life. You want to compare real estate, the real pain here, compare Bitcoin to private equity. I've been building businesses my whole life. I probably will never build another business, an operating business, because I have found a holy grail where I have growth over 13, 15% a year with zero human error risk. Zero human error risk. You just heard my dogs. My dogs weren't supposed to be barking. I have a human error risk. Somebody here is not paying attention. It's a problem though. It is a problem. If I can invest in something that could go up 12 or 13% a year. That's pretty conservative. Bitcoin has been doing 45 and 50. Yeah. A 12% investment per year, you become wealthy over 20 years. That's super returns. I don't know what everybody, we're looking at 45s. I look at it and go, I'm happy with 13, dude. I'm all in on Bitcoin. Bitcoin will give me a 23% yield over 20 years. Would you do that? Of course you would. Do the math on that trade. 23% money is going to be doubled in every three or four years. Every three or four years. One million dollars goes to two million in three years. Two million goes to four million a year, six. Four million goes to eight million a year, nine. You could take that with a hundred grand. Young people are looking at me going, well, that's not a great return. I can't put a hundred grand in a Bitcoin. I'm like, oh my God, you guys are going to end up broke. You're going to end up broke because you don't understand energy. You were talking about young people earlier, right? I think they're confused. I think they need to understand. You're getting ready to get on a race track of life. And it has many turns and swivels and as things get more complicated, the track gets more complicated and no one has considered how much fuel they need for the journey. Somebody would say, OK, if you look at the return of Big Tech stock, they do better than Bitcoin this year. So like, what is this big deal? Well, let's compare that. So, Nvidia is a 26 year old company. Bitcoin 16. If the CEO of Nvidia were to die in an airplane crash, his stock most certainly would change. Now, I love using Nvidia as an example of the Big Tech stacks. You do agree that if Wang got hurt, the stock price would reflect a risk. So would Elon. This is why I do not invest with Elon stocks. If Elon dies one day, come on. Key man risk, key man risk, key man risk, key man risk, human error risk. Well, I have this thing, Bitcoin, I don't have any of that. Nvidia is a $4 trillion business. You cannot possibly tell me where all their assets are. It's a $4 trillion business. By the way, we've never had a $4 trillion business ever. It took 26 years to get there. Bitcoin 16, it's $2 trillion. Nvidia is a company. It's got paper contracts. It's assuming the future income stream. Bitcoin assumes today's value is 117,800. It accepts no future value. This is something that people don't really appreciate. Bitcoin is literally worth what it's worth right now today is the bid, just like crude oil. And right now, that marginal unit is 117,700. There is not ever going to be a stock split on Bitcoin. There will be stock splits on Nvidia. We had a quarter of a trillion dollar move in one six hour trading cycle when Nvidia went up. And people are telling me that Bitcoin cannot move 10 and 15 and 20% in one day. You're absolutely out of your mind. It is exactly looking at the text tax that you would look at Bitcoin and go, oh my God, this is the Holy Grail. This is literally like finding a mine in your backyard full of gold and no one is going to, the government isn't going to seize it. Your neighbor's not going to shoot you in the face and take it all. And all you have to do is do nothing, sit on it, hold it and protect it. It's a finite. I don't think we've ever had finite. That's the thing. People think it sounds too good to be true. I know. And then. I know. The only thing I can share with you is that you are one of one and you're not one of 21 million. Bitcoin is one of 21 million. There's only ever going to be 21 million. This is how I really got interested in Bitcoin. Quite frankly, it's a bit philosophical. I realize that you and I have a really difficult time as human beings establishing value. We want to put numbers on things to establish value. I had a man once tell me, he said, you know, I know the price of everything and down to the penny and the value of nothing. And I'm like, wow, that's hard. That's heavy duty, man. Okay. Because see, the value to me of living is worth more than 2%. Oh, I got a cheap interest rate. I'm not going to move for six. To me, it's like, wow, I'm not going to live my life that way. When I realized that I'm going to initially as a human being, I'm going to look at you and go, wow, there's Bonnie. Bonnie, Bonnie's one of one. And I don't even value her. We argue with each other. We, hey, what's the difference in you? What's the difference in me? You're Asian. I'm an Anglo, whatever, right? And I'm like, wow, human beings have no capacity to value finite. Because we argue with each other all the time instead of looking at you going, wow, look at Bonnie, man. She's doing unbelievable. She's an incredible one of one, a creature. And then I start looking at Bitcoin going, damn, man, there's an infinite amount of paper I can buy on Nvidia. There is a finite volume of Bitcoin. It's never going to get accelerated. My commodity background and energy is very, very important here because I have never, ever not been able to find a barrel of crude oil or a unit of natural gas or a kilowatt of electricity. It's simply about how much am I willing to pay to get it out of the ground? Is it 60, 70, 80, or 100? We will never see $100 crude oil again, ever. All this stuff about energy going to go up because a good 20% of the energy that we have found, we don't even use. It's behind the pipe. It's just sitting there. And Bitcoin's going to suck it up. It's going to suck it up because right now that energy is getting zero. Of course, people are going to go, oh, wow, I have some wind there. I have some thermal. I have a natural gas well over here that's got 20 million cubic feet a day in it. It's trapped. A pipeline's 100 miles away. I'm going to mine Bitcoin. And every country on the planet is going to do this because it's just money sitting there. You're literally converting wasted energy, stuck energy, trapped energy, and you're converting it into a storage unit of monetary value. And you get to determine when the timing is. Think about all the natural gas producers in the world that store natural gas for three and four months of the year so that they can have that natural gas available when they need peak, right, when the weather gets inclement. It costs $0.30 a month to store a unit of natural gas. Well, natural gas in America is priced at $2.50. You're going to spend $3.60 storing natural gas a year? Of course, you're not. Not if you can convert it to Bitcoin. You're literally storing gas with a third party and paying a third party to store your fee. He's making money on your storage instead of you just storing it yourself in Bitcoin. OK, why aren't people doing that? Well, they will do it. They have to do it. Not yet. The economics will drive them to do this. It's all now economics. People will look at this is found money. This is just found money, right? OK, I'm wondering, you talk a lot of super mega rich people, right? Family offices, billionaires, of course, and also people that only has like, let's say $5,000 in their pocket. How would you explain Bitcoin differently to each type of investors? First off, I don't hang around that many billionaires. I find them really boring. I think investing $5,000, I don't think it's any different. I don't think. Well, I think the real bad message to the $5,000 player is this idea on diversity and that you need to spread your bets around. I don't know any successful gamblers that show up and bet on 10 tables at one time. I don't know anyone that has 10 wives at one time, tries to make that work. Diversity is a total bullshit ridiculous story, almost like real estate. No, you know, no one that's gotten super rich unless they inherited the money. And that is super concentrated, by the way. There's no diversity in inheriting money. Zero. You don't even get a choice in it. I don't think anybody actually gets rich unless they concentrate. Name one, one person. I mean, Jeff Bezos had all his wealth in Amazon. Anyone that's ever built a business, almost 90% of their wealth and 90% of their time is wrapped up in a private equity company, something I've only ever done. 12 years in one deal, eight years in another deal. I'm broke six years of my life and then I get overpaid. I make a ridiculous amount of money and then I start over. If I can do that same thing, if I can do that, I can do it. If I can do that same thing, if I can invest $5,000 into a franchise that has 400 million marketers, it has less than 2% integration into the global market. It would be like, you know what it costs to own a McDonald's franchise? Two plus million dollars. Is it a one-time fee or like annual? No, no. And then you're going to have fees. You're going to have royalties. You're going to have contracts. You're going to have lawyers. You're going to have NDAs. You're going to have all this. You're going to have a physical location where people can break windows. People are going to get sick. There's going to be food poisoning. I can invest $5,000 into a franchise and see that grow 20% a year. And by the way, you don't have to stop investing the five grand. You can invest into the $500 every month and you will become exceptionally wealthy. This is how wealthy people get wealthy, man. They make concentrated decisions and they continue to invest and they continue to invest. And they don't see it. They don't, they don't conflate, oh, my house doubled in price, but I didn't sell it. But my Bitcoin doubled in price and I'm going to sell it. They don't make goals. When I put money to work, I decide how long that money is going to work. When I find somebody I like to invest time in, I think about, hey, how many, I'm going to invest time and energy into this human being. I'm not going to just, oh, the first time they're late, okay, you're out. First, you know, first time I get a return, people don't really think about their investment as they do. They spend more time picking the school and what they're going to study than how they think about investing. I am learning because of Bitcoin. I'm able to make an investment in Bitcoin because I look at it as an investment in a operating business with no operators and no operating risk and no human error risk. Literally, it's the same. Look, I build a business. I spend seven years making no money. I never pay myself anything. So I make no money and I'm betting on the come that I'm going to, oh, I'm going to build a half a billion dollar business and sell it. Seven years I sit there. Why don't I look at Bitcoin the same way? I have no employees. I have no HR issues. I have no contracts, no NDAs. I have no one cheating on me. No one's stealing my money. No one's suing me for, Gary didn't hire me properly. Gary said something. Gary wore pink to the office today and it offended me. I'm going to sue him. I mean, seriously, this stuff happens, right? I just got through like four lawsuits because we built a really cool business and we irritated Visa and MasterCard and five years of my life just doing legal. I have no legal exposure whatsoever on Bitcoin and I can just keep stacking it on my friend. It's just such a wonderful experience. And then what am I allowed to do with my time? Oh, Gary's going to end up being a damn artist at the end of his life. That's pretty freaking cool, man. I know 35 year old men and women right now, their lives are set up through Bitcoin where they are now studying philosophy and they're raising their children with it. The mom and the dad are actually raising the children. That's sending them away to a prison, school eight hours a day. And they have really cool lives. I think, you know, I mean, what if we have a lifeboat here, Bonnie, that actually gets us back to some traditional values that we've lost. And I think it's those traditional values that have us in this weird cycle of degradation over and over and over. And money is a problem. It's gravity. When you talk about being lazy, we're referring to in Asia, there's this term that, you know, young people think they cannot fight. Of course, this is a minority. I don't want to generalize young people, but there is a small group of people they think they cannot fight the system. They cannot win. I cannot afford anything, so I might as well just lie down and survive. I think if you grew up that way, then, you know, maybe you should go chat with your parents, because I think your parents let you down. Really? I mean, I can't. But that's like a generational thing, because housing is so expensive, right? They look at their paycheck. I will never be able to afford a house. Getting married is so expensive. The wife asked for this and that, right? Cannot afford it. So what can I do? Well, I think people can stop spending money on things that don't generate. They don't produce something. I think we spend our money. I think people spend money on a lot of stupid stuff. First off, if you're going to sit there and be a victim and say, hey, ah, ooh, ah. I know I've had people pick me up in Los Angeles before. My favorite driver in the whole world was a Russian man, and he moved here. He had four kids. They all did doctorate degrees. He's an Uber driver, OK? No, a limo driver. His own deal came from Russia. He loves this country. He said, Mom, my daughters are all at Stanford and everything. Don't tell me you can't do, OK? Listen to my accent. I retired when I was 40 years old from England with the energy regulators and the largest monopoly in the world in energy with this bloody accent. And I just worked hard. I worked hard. I didn't blow my credibility. People ended up respecting me. I never cheated. I didn't lie. I didn't steal. I kept my nose clean, and I became really good at one thing. And this is the mistake I think that many, many people around the world are making, especially, well, everyone, not just the young people. They have no passion. Like, you're a victim because you haven't found your passion in what you really want to do. And it's hard to find your passion. You know that. And you can get off track. But this is life, right? But laying down, don't tell me you can't be a genius. Look, I think because of the Internet, we're going to find more artists than we've ever discovered ever in the prior 500 years. Just simply through connection. I mean, real artists, right? I don't know where all the musicians are. OK, but you smile. But like, hey, that's a big deal. Where's all the great music? Like, I could build eight businesses right now. I cannot find the right people. And I don't want to do it. I don't want to do these businesses. I want other people to operate them. And if it's going to be a real hassle for me, I'll just keep buying Bitcoin. And that because that most certainly will be a better investment. I've got my daughter did 35 poems on a plane one afternoon. I'm like, I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. She's going to do it. I'm like, Oh, my next song, Oh, my next song, Oh, my next song. So that's what I'm going to do. And then I get a plate rate. I get a plate rate. I don't know what I want to do with that. I don't know what I want to do. So you need to put yourself on the plane one afternoon. I'm like, and my ex wife, she's a little lazy. I'm like, no, she doesn't. She's lazy when she's doing something you want her to do. But I don't know anybody that's ever written 35 poems. Clearly, that's her deal, right? She's like, zone in on it. And blaming people for your travesty in life, I mean, it's just not, I don't want to hear it. I got my own problems, right? And I'm typically the guy that's the problem. It's, you know, if you're a victim, go look in the mirror and go, why do I like being a victim? I think a lot of times they use that mentality to justify why they are not successful, right? And I want to ask you. I go back to their parents because their parents should just slap them and say, you're just being a child, okay? It's just being immature. Do you think you can share something like how you grew up and what part of your story do you think these people would be very surprised to learn? Because people look at you and be like, oh, of course, Gary is successful. Like he is probably handed the playbook or whatever, right? Yeah, no, that would be wrong. I really take my hat off to my mother. My mother, when Grant and I were 20 years old, my mother looked at us one day and said, hey, you cannot come back to this house, okay? Go find your own place. Kick this out of the house. Don't ever come back here. You guys are animals. I will tell you, that was the single most important day of my entire life. The moment she pushed me out, at 21 years old, I left my zip code. I left the state. I left the city. And I would encourage everyone to leave your zip code. Leave your girlfriend, your boyfriend, your buddies, your pals, and go find out who you are in the real world without mommy, without daddy. Call them every now and then. Check in with them. It was pretty cool, but at some point I had to discover who I was. It was really cool for me. Grant stayed on. I went out on my own. And I started learning who I was. And I realized how small of a fish I was and a monster pool. And I found my right spot. And I didn't get too egotistical such that I was going to go bounce around and up my game. I stayed at one company for 17 years. Once I found my platform, this is the difference in Grant. Grant would never work for anyone. I think he's probably pretty unemployable. No, he is. I mean, he'll probably tell you that. Whereas I went corporate and worked with hundreds of people. I had 600 people working for me at one time from a 12-man startup. And I like that. I enjoyed working with other people. It was very intellectually stimulating. I learned a lot about the macro global. Or I would not have learned that in a smaller business. So, you know, the message to me is, the message is, hey, find a platform. Find a mentor, a teacher. Read books. I've been reading books since I was 22 years old because I was so lost. I didn't have a dad and didn't have any mentors. No uncles wanted to touch us. I mean, we were a lot. What do you mean by a lot? Well, you've met a lot of people. And, you know, certain people have a lot of energy. I mean, you just like, you know, you can feel this. This is why I keep saying, hey, people need to look inside themselves. There are different people. Like, you have unique energy. I have a very unique energy that is the biggest goal is the biggest challenge is really tapping into it and not being ashamed of it and just, hey, this is me, man, in all its glory and dirtiness. It's just messy sometimes. You know, once I found a platform, I don't betray it. I stick in there and I learn from it and I expand. I get stronger. And I think people are missing that. They're not. They don't have a foundation. I've spent a lot of time reading books from Arthur's in the 1800s and 19 early 1900s about how to be successful. How to make how to think differently. How to tap into. I think everyone's a genius, man. And they just have failed to tap into it. And my genius is picking these markets and making really like. Once I understand something, it would be a sin for me not to not to plow into this thing. I had like, you know, somebody said once they said, hey, I think Scott Besson was asked by George Soros, who he worked for George. George Besson wanted to put on a trade. He said, hey, I'm so sure about this trade, man. And George said, so how much do you want to deploy? He said, I would deploy 100 percent. And he said, well, I thought you were really serious about the trade. If you were really serious, you'd leverage into it. See, that that's real commitment from champions like, oh, wow, this is it. I'm going all in, man. I'm plowing into this trade. In fact, I'm a plow into it and leverage it. And the truth is, that is what people do on houses. They just don't think about they're leveraging their lives into a house. It's not going to give them that great return or they're leveraging it into a school to sit there for six years and think about, yeah, but where are you going to be when you get out? I am going to use a robot. I am not going to use a doctor. So I'd be preparing for that. I would be preparing for the future, looking at the future, going, hey, what's it going to be like here? I think you made it sound so easy. You're like, oh, I just left the house and I found my passion. But most people do not have the confidence to just go out into the world to find their passion. And I think what you said reminded me of our conversation with Anthony Scaramucci. So I'm going to quote him. He said when he first started off, when you grow up the way he did, you're born with this insecurity. His dad was a blue collar worker. He's never been in a commercial office building. It was very intimidating. So he had to learn. And if he could go back, he would tell himself to be more confident. But a lot of people never conquered that, right? They never work through it. I don't know that anybody unless you grew up with a silver spoon and you grew up in the country clubs. And quite frankly, most of those people, they've never been people I hang out with anyway. So it's not like I'm not saying all but it's just not the world I grew up in. I like I like very I don't need somebody wearing a bunch of fancy watches and driving fancy cars to impress me. Money does not impress me. It doesn't. It's how you behave. Look, I think Anthony and I probably grew up fairly fairly similar. Clearly, our politics are appreciably different, but I've always felt awkward. Most certainly not been a part of the club. And there are clubs, double handshakes and the whole deal. I've always been on the outside. So I actually feel like I'm on the outside of scary moochies club. But you know, the truth is, I really have zero interest in being anybody's club because clubs get weird. I have been very successful outside the system, beating the system. And my expertise is literally been moving into legacy markets. By the way, we're punching right past one hundred and eighteen thousand dollars right now. Bitcoin, you do these interviews and you get all time highs, Bonnie. Yeah, this is a monster move here. What's happening here in Bitcoin in the last day? It's a big deal. By the way, the more this price goes up, the more the rich are going to plow into this thing like you've never seen it before. This is the second stage of Bitcoin. This is going to be the most impactful stage of Bitcoin's history. I'm going to say that again. More money is going to be made in the next four years and kept than the prior 15. Can I know why you say that? Why? Why do you say that? One, nobody's losing any Bitcoin today. Nobody's disrespecting Bitcoin at one hundred and eighteen thousand dollars. Three and a half to four million coins were lost on Bitcoin with self custody because they did not respect it because they mispriced it. Everybody mispriced it. We're still mispricing Bitcoin. Absolutely still mispricing it. At one hundred and eighteen thousand, the super rich will come in here and not even think about it. They actually want to see this number really strong. And the stronger it is, they're going to just they will think nothing of that. It was at thirty four thousand a year ago that they will not even think about it. And they will hold this longer than the old the prior Bitcoiners. They will hold it much longer. This is this is a generational wealth and power event, an opportunity the likes I've never seen before. Is it because of the price? Is it because of politics? Is it because of regulation? Why now? You know, I'm so glad that Trump didn't get in office in 2020 because Bitcoin wasn't ready. It's really interesting because I think he got that probably taken away from him. And I'm cool with it because we were not ready. Something like almost magical happened. We needed that period where we saw the other side go really draconian. They did everything they could to stop Bitcoin. And now there's zero regulatory risk. I mean, zero. There's zero regulatory lack of clarity about Bitcoin. There's 100 percent clarity. They just changed the dealer broker rules on reporting, making it even easier. There's zero, zero headwinds on Bitcoin. We have people like Ricardo Salinas. If you have an interview, Mr. Salinas, he's awesome. OK, you should really do that. He's one of my favorite people in the world. Going to 100 percent allocation, 76, 78 year old billionaire, 100 percent allocation. He's moving off of gold. He's moving off of gold. Bitcoin's a 2.2 trillion dollar marketplace. The gold market just in jewelry is six trillion. See, people talk about the whole gold market. I'm like, hey, why don't we just take out the jewelry part of it first, right? Or the industrial use of it. So we have a long way to go here. This is just like the Internet in 1995. If you meet a person handling family office, is this how you would explain to them? The way I explain it to them is I ask to look at the rest of their portfolio. I simply, hey, can I see your portfolio? I don't need to see how much. I just need to see what you're invested in. Philip Morris, this, Nvidia, blah, blah. OK, hey, look, right over here, you got a 2 percent yield on this thing. Would you like to do better? This is not hard to do. See, let me take your dogs, let me take your crappy investments, and let's, can't get any worse than 2 percent. I've gone to people before Bonnie that had half a million dollars sitting in cash and said they're making 3 percent or 4 percent. And said, look, I'll guarantee you 5 percent. And I'll give you some of the upside. I went to my sister, she banks with Bank of America, said, Diane, do you trust me more or less than Bank of America? She said, well, I trust you more. I said, give me that $300,000. I'll give you 100 percent, I'll give you 1 percent more than you're making and 10 percent of the upside. Right? Well, I'm going to help my sister. She doesn't want to take her 300 grand into Bitcoin, so I'll give her 5 percent and I'll put it into Bitcoin and then I'll give her some of the upside. And she will become very converted into Bitcoin. That's the way you convert Bitcoiners. I mean, people that are from the legacy world, hey, let me, I'll take it. I have decent credit. That says a lot to a rich guy when you go, hey, I'll take that trade from you. I'll protect you on that trade. And there are going to be products out there. Like I would offer someone a 6 and 7 percent yield a year to borrow their money. I would. If you guys want a 6 percent, 7 percent yield without housing, without having to lock yourself into a location, I would most certainly do that. And there will be institutions that do it. So we're going mainstream here now. This is literally, we are tapping into the worldwide market and the addressable market on this is never. I don't think you can actually calculate the addressable market for Bitcoin, which is really, really interesting. Am I too bearish? No, no. Actually, there was this very interesting moment in our last interview. You asked, Grant, what if we could borrow 80 cents on the dollar against Bitcoin? What would happen to Bitcoin price then? Let me answer one question. What would happen to real estate if you couldn't borrow 80 cents on the dollar? And I want to know your take. What do you think would happen? I think price of Bitcoin would probably go up six or seven X. If you couldn't borrow 80 cents on the dollar, in some cases 90, 95 cents on the dollar to buy a house, what would the house be worth? And that's the question nobody wants to answer that's in real estate. So he said it would get cut by 30 or 40 percent. No, it would get cut by like a lot. See, I don't think anyone can afford a house. And I actually think these house prices going up like this is excellent. This is the way markets work. You let the price go up so high that people stop buying them. Then what happens? They all rent and then the prices come down. No one wants to own a big, heavy house and prices come down. OK. Or the next stage will be, oh, I think I can build some technology to build a house for 50 cents on the dollar. And that's happening right now. So this inflation thing, like if you're in a house, I'd be selling the house. I do not think this is sustainable. You can't keep going up eight percent a year. It's not. And the only reason it's going up is because you can borrow 80 and 90 cents on the dollar. That's it. OK. Why do people that only have five thousand dollars to invest in Bitcoin own a sixty thousand dollar automobile? By the way, they don't own it. By the way, they don't own it. They make one hundred grand a year and they go buy an Audi for sixty grand. It's going to cost them one hundred. Because it looks cool. Yes, exactly. You should have bought a 1980. In fact, oh, by the way, you only use that vehicle four percent of the time. Now, that is a gross misuse of energy. Just to look cool. I have one. I have one car, man. You come to my house, you're not like, hey, how many cars do you have, Gary? Who gives a toss? Like, why would I need a bunch of cars? I only use one of them. There is this saying. So when you meet a bunch of let's not say mega wealthy, well, rich people, they're always nicer because they have less problems. But if you meet, you know, people that are struggling, they're worried about the next meal, they're worried about my hourly pay. They're not going to be as nice because they have so much on their mind. So a lot of times, you know, I talk about my guests being amazing and being very patient and very nice with me. I'll see comments like, of course, they're nice. They are rich. They're not, you know, worried about the next meal, things like that. And I want to know how you would respond to that. I got to tell you, I've met more poor, nice people than I have rich, nice people. And, you know, having good manners on a podcast is totally different than actually being a really nice person. So I've learned much more from completely broke people. By the way, you know, I think one of the great little tricks in life is to make sure you don't just listen to rich people. OK, that you actually open your ears for the most impactful people in my life have been people that have come into my life for like two days, one hour, twelve minutes. And they left me with a gift. And had I judged them by the way they looked, I would never have listened to a word they said. Had I listened to how much money they had, I would have just dismissed them. So if you want to find out how flawed you are, make a shitload of money. OK, because these problems do not go away. I am exactly it will actually exasperate my insanities. Any kind of neuroses I have, it'll get worse with money. Any kind of weirdness I have, you'll be challenged at every level. OK, when I was six or seven years old, I was in a church and I remember the priest. I can't believe this really impacted me. The priest said I was grew up Catholic. He said it is easier for a camel to get through the eye of a needle than it is for a rich man to get into heaven. When we met in Vegas not long ago, that was like two months ago, and you and Grant were super warm. There's this vibe that you guys are the same on and off camera. So when you say people want to present themselves very well because it's a podcast, I think there's some truth in it. But also, you know, you want to look at a person when they're off camera. And I feel like you guys are super real. And honestly, it was very refreshing. We'll have you on hopefully soon again. But have me on when it hits 140. That is soon. That is soon. Thank you, Gary. Thank you. Thank you.