 Charlie and I were on a plane recently that was hijacked. With what? Was hijacked. I'm telling about our experience on that hijacked plane when the hijackers picked us out as the two dirty capitalists that they really had to execute. But they were a little abashed about it. They didn't really have anything against us. So they said that each of us would be given one request before they shot us. And they turned to Charlie and they said, what would you like as your request? Charlie said, I would like to give once more my speech on the virtues of Costco. With illustrations. And the hijackers said, well, that sounds pretty reasonable to me. And he turned to me and said, and what would you like, Mr. Buffett? And I said, shoot me first. Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger, this super strong team of financials, they are so cute. Today is a very sad day for the financial world. Charlie Munger is one of the most successful investors of this generation. He passed away at the age of 99. It's only a month away from his 100th birthday. And he is the most famous and the best comrade of Buffett. He is also the CEO of Costco. So he often promotes his love for Costco. This is why Buffett will tell us this story. Let's watch Charlie Munger's wonderful voice. Hello, I'm Bonnie. Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger are one of the most successful business partners in history. Together they created Berkshire Hathaway. They are the top 10 world-class companies. Others are companies that produce products. But the company under Bokeh, which is only a company that does investment, has already done the world's ninth largest market share. Charlie Munger helped Buffett become one of the richest people in the world. His speech is very straightforward. He will never turn a blind eye. Every year, Berkshire's annual sales are over 100 million. Buffett will drink Coca-Cola with Charlie Munger and eat peanut candy with Seed Candy. These are all their investment brands. They are both over 90 years old and still making investment decisions. And they are doing better than these young and energetic managers in Wall Street. One time, Charlie Munger did not appear at an important meeting of the company. Warren Buffett even brought one of his board members to the stage. He is the most famous and the best comrade of Costco. He is the most famous and the best comrade of Costco. He even brought one of his board members to the stage. Charlie Munger often says something after Warren Buffett finished speaking. I've had nothing to add. I have nothing to add. Warren and I both know some very successful businessmen who have not one true friend on earth. And rightly so. That's true. And... That is no way to live a life. He is Buffett's right-hand man. Their investment partnership can be traced back to decades ago. Before we start to review this legend, I want to ask you for a favor. The data in the background of our channel found that half of the viewers have not subscribed to our channel yet. Let's promise each other one thing. You promise me to subscribe. You can't imagine how much this will help my channel. I promise you that I will keep working hard to produce better, faster, and better videos for you. Let's start with Charlie Munger's wonderful life story. I would say that every time I'm with Charlie, I'll get at least some new slant on an idea that causes me to rethink certain things. And we've had so much fun in the partnership over the years. It's been almost hilarious. It's been so much fun. Buffett was once a member of the famous investor Graham G. Allen's smoke-field investment theory. That is to say, in the economic cycle, some companies' stocks will be like smoke-fields that others throw away. It's hard to see, but if you pick it up, there are still a few more to pick. In 1957, Buffett founded an investment club. The initial management capital was $300,000. At that time, he was constantly looking for some companies in the stock market that were seriously underestimated. Seven years later, Buffett's management capital scale had reached $22 million. But later, Buffett was persuaded by Charlie Munger that he must correct this investment strategy. Many years ago, we gave up what I've labeled the cigar butt approach to investing, which is where you try and find a really kind of pathetic company, but it sells so cheap that you think there's one good free puff left in it. And we used to pick up a lot of soggy cigar butts. You know, I mean, I had a portfolio full of them. And there were free puffs in them. I mean, I made money out of that. But, A, it doesn't work with big money anyway. And B, we don't find many cigar butts around that we would be attracted to. But those are the companies that had low returns on equity. And if you have a business that's earning 5% or 6% on equity, and you hold it for a long time, you are not going to do well. Charlie Munger later persuaded Buffett to change his investment strategy. He should pay a higher price to buy a company with high quality and high quality. Berkshire traded a lot of candy companies and Coca-Cola companies. They even invested a lot of Apple stocks after iPhone came out many years later. And these transactions made a lot of money. But Buffett was actually very opposed to buying these companies. Because at the time Buffett thought these companies were too expensive. But Charlie Munger kept telling Buffett to rethink the value of this capital. Later, Buffett was really persuaded. From that time on, Buffett stopped sticking to the investment strategy of the cigarette. Charlie Munger graduated from Harvard University in 1948. At first, he became a lawyer in California. Then he started investing in securities. He had his own successful investment company. At the same time, he also founded a successful lawyer company called Munger Tools. Charlie Munger and Warren Buffett grew up in Omaha, Nebraska. They both worked at Buffett's grandfather's grocery store when they were teenagers. But they didn't work together at the time. Because Charlie Munger was seven years older than Warren Buffett. They actually met through friends. Warren Buffett was 20 years old at the time. Charlie Munger was 30 years old. They would talk about investment for hours every week. Warren Buffett encouraged Munger to give up law and invest. Munger had his own investment career. His investment performance was very good. From 1962 to 1975, the return was 19.8% every year. Compared to the average return of the Dow Jones Industrial Index at the time, it was only 5%. So Munger's performance was very surprising. In 1978, Munger officially joined Berkshire as the vice chairman. We all know the story after that. His honest and honest investment philosophy helped Warren Buffett's company grow into a company with a value of millions of dollars. But Charlie Munger is not the only company in Berkshire. He was the vice chairman of Westco Financial from 1984 to 2011. Then Berkshire bought the financial company. After the company was acquired, Munger went to a daily journal to be the chairman. He was loved by everyone because he was humorous. And luckily there's a large supply. Professional traders that go into trading cryptocurrencies, it's just disgusting. It's like somebody else is trading turds and you decide I can't be left out. Charlie's big on lowering expectations. Absolutely. That's the way I got married. My wife lowered her expectations. Munger's life philosophy believes that money is not everything. Although he is really rich and has a net worth of $2 billion. All you succeed in doing in your life is to get early rich from passive holding of little bits of paper. You get better and better, but only that for all your life. It's a failed life. Life is more. Than being shrewd at passive wealth accumulation. There's another story that shows his persistence and thought. Munger is a person who loves to donate. In 2013, he donated $1.1 billion to Michigan University to build a student dormitory. It can accommodate over 600 students. But this dormitory is very different from other dormitories. The dormitory designed by Munger insists that every room has no windows except for the public area. He thinks that everyone loves the sun. If every room has sunlight, everyone will stay in their room and not chat in the public area. When you're going to sleep or study, you'll go back to the room. But only the public area has sunlight, so it encourages people to come out and interact with others. A month before his passing, he was interviewed. He was asked if there was anything he wanted to do but hadn't done. Well, that's an interesting question. I am so old and weak compared to what I was when I was 96. That I no longer want to catch a 200 pound tuna. It's just too much work to get it in. It takes too much physical strength. So I would have paid any amount to get you a 200 pound tuna when I was younger. I never caught one. And now I give you the opportunity. I would just decline going. I won't even go out after them. There are things you give up with time. You're pretty active. You've got a busy social schedule. You're on Zoom. You have breakfasts and lunch. Well, I like it that way. That's my idea of a proper old age for me. And I didn't plan it. It just happened. And when it happened, I welcomed it. I am very good at recognizing unfair advantages. I got unfair advantages in old age. The way I got unfair advantages in non-old age. And when they came, I just grabbed them. Charlie Munger believes that you should be humble. You don't understand things when you're aware of them. This is more important than being a genius who understands everything. He often thinks the other way. He needs to see the essence of things. These characteristics are exactly the perfect balance between Warren Buffett's exciting vision. Charlie Munger compared buying pie on the counter with the fact that when you confirm that you have the opportunity to master it, you need to grab it and acquire it. He said Warren Buffett and he have mastered these opportunities. And a few more opportunities will come. You got to learn how to recognize them when they come. Charlie Munger said the copy he wrote when he was 99 is exactly the same as the copy he wrote when he was 30. Charlie, Warren Buffett told me that a long, long time ago. You told him he should live his life. He should write his obituary the way he wants it written and then live his life accordingly. Yeah, sure. I assume you've done the same thing for yourself. Well, you know, I've written my obituary the way I've lived my life and if you want to pay attention to it, it's all right with me. And if they want to ignore it, that's okay with me too. I'll be dead, but I won't be dead until the end of the night. And so, but I think it's a good thing. It's not a bad idea. Listen, Warren and I both live in the same house for a decade after decade after decade. All our friends get rich and build better, bigger and better houses. And naturally we both considered bigger and better houses. I had a huge number of children, so it was justifiable even. And I still decided not to live a life where I looked like the Duke of Westchester or something. And I was going to avoid it. I did it on purpose. Why? I think it would be good for the children. That it would spoil them? Yeah. Governor Rich's family, you think your duty is to use the wealth to live grandly. That's what everybody's doing with the money. You will learn from the people who are doing it. Charlie said he and Warren Buffett didn't expect to do more than $100 million. I didn't expect to do so well. I actually did hundreds of billions of dollars. Something kept us alive in our 90s. And it gave us a long track from our little piddling start all the way to the 90s. Those are the two things that really happened. And of course we wised up over time. We got into better and better companies. We understood more and more of the bad things that could happen, you know, how easy they could creep in. And we avoided them even more assiduously when we were older, when we were young. And it all worked. He's breathing, folks. He's breathing. We've got this down to a routine. Oh, I have nothing to add. Okay.