 In a world where there's so much financial repression, it's really important that all of us in our generation open our eyes widely and look for the things that are not 60-40 actually isn't working. We have to start with the question of why is traditional 60-40 breaking apart? The global financial crisis happened, and everything that I ever learned was thrown out the window, and we would continue to then have decades of financial repression in ways that there was no textbooks. So, the Ratic portfolio was actually something that I personally experienced in my years to reimagine what a real portfolio allocation theory should look like. After the global financial crisis, most of the price action that is arising out of securities and assets is due to government intervention and cross-border flows. So, everyone these days seems to know the price of everything, but knows the value of nothing. I consider time to be one of the component of energy that can be created, that can be turned into value. Young people have already intuited most of the financial economy is a little bit rigged. Zero-day expiry options are more than 50% of the trading volume of your S&P 500 and NASDAQ listed options. These are literally a lot of tickets. And the fact that this hyperfinancialization is happening with regulators' consent shows you it's becoming so casino-fied. And I think when young people see that happening, their reaction is totally natural to say, I'm not gonna play that game. When you bet on Bitcoin, you're not always betting on the price of Bitcoin going up. Sometimes you're betting on the price of fiat going down. Other companies trying to copy strategy strategy with Solana or with Ethereum. And I'll tell you why. Any lessons you've learned from Morgan Stanley's experience? The number one my son. Jeff Park joins us today. He is the head of Alpha strategy and portfolio manager at Bitwise Asset Management. We'll be talking about his views on the markets relating to cryptos and Bitcoin. Welcome to the show, Jeff. Good to see you. My name is David. Bonnie. We had your colleague, Matt, on the show, Matt Hogan. And he was great. People should check out that interview. We had him on New York, links down below. But we'd like to get your outlook on Bitcoin and cryptos. He's super popular on Twitter and a lot of people follow him. And one of the most popular posts was the radical portfolio. What is a radical portfolio? That's a great question. So I grew up learning about traditional economics and finance that most of my life. And when I started my career, it was 2008. So you can imagine at the very beginning, two months into my job, the global financial crisis happened and everything that I ever learned was thrown out the window. And we would continue to then have decades of financial repression in ways that there was no textbooks. So the radical portfolio was actually something that I personally experienced in my years to reimagine what a real portfolio allocation theory should look like for the future generation. We're all taught about 60-40 pretty early on, 60 fixed income, 40 equities for growth, and that balanced portfolio should give you a diversified upside capture in a risk-adjusted manner. And what I think we're realizing is 60-40 actually isn't working because bonds and equities are more correlated in fact now than people have ever expected them to be. So the radical portfolio is a whole new way to reimagine what should be a diversified portfolio, 60% of something and 40% of something else. And how do we reparameterize those risk vectors? And that's the essential genesis of my radical portfolio theory. So how do you allocate? What is the new theory then? Yeah, so we have to start with the question of why is traditional 60-40 breaking apart? And when you ask that question, what you find is that after the global financial crisis, most of the price action that is arising out of securities and assets is due to government intervention and cross-border flows. So because of the great fiscal expenditures that the entire global monetary order system has been embarking on, the distortion that is coming from the concept of GDP has changed massively. So when GDP includes things like government expenditure as a way to imagine growth, you can kind of imagine is government spending actually growth in the way that we wanna capture it. So bonds are starting to look like risk assets in ways that people used to think bonds were risk-off assets. So once that awakening happens, the question is 60-40 is actually 100 of something. And what is that 100? And the argument that I would make is that it is 100% of compliance assets. These are assets that we are trading in the world of abundance where there's a lot of ways to access it, there are brokerages and there's financialization, there's leverage, and this is essentially the underpinning of the global carry system as we know it. So what's the ultimate hedge for that? What is the 40% that can hedge to 100% of compliance? And that I call the resistance assets. So now we're talking about assets that are actually difficult to access. These are not things you can buy on stock markets. These are actually somewhat non-fungible in nature in where they actually cannot be levered. They're one of a kinds. So the 40% has to be outside the system in the global carry system as we know it. And that's what gives it a defining unique value. So perfect example of that is gold. And when I say gold, I don't mean GLD, the ETF. I mean physical gold bars, right? Because that represents the ability to be censorship resistant in ways that you remove yourself from the financials ecosystem. Bitcoin also represents a way to express a view on having a resistance asset. And so I list a variety of different alternative things that can fit the profile of what that should be. These things can include high-end art, one-of-a-kind artworks that really are irreplaceable and truly, truly valuable that cannot be replicated. And those things retain value because the scarcity value is actually really important. So the 100% compliance of bonds and equities, the reason why they're not that valuable is because they're printed all the time. So other categories include things like collectibles, Pokemon cards in ways, even though it's a joke, do retain values and ways for certain people. And that category might evolve into luxury handbags like the Birkins of the world, where those things are equally valuable because of the scarcity and hold value actually much better than some other traditional assets would. It sounds like an alternative investments portfolio. Is that one way to look at it? Exactly, but it's alternatives in a way that isn't fitting nicely into the language that we know how to speak of. No one talks about buying Pokemon cards or handbags or artwork or these scarce assets as a way to diversify your portfolio because it's not tradable, right? These are not like ETFs that you can buy where you have an index exposure to luxury goods, or you can't buy biotech IP rights or legal IP rights in easily accessible ways. These are essentially scarce things. And scarcity is valuable. And I think that's the main point that I'm trying to drive, which is in a world where there's so much financial repression, it's really important that all of us in our generation open our eyes widely and look for the things that are not manufactured abundance. And that's why Bitcoin I think is especially important today for everyone. What is the most valuable Pokemon card then today? I think, if I'm not mistaken. Ooh, he has an answer for us. I do. Listen up. I do happen to be a little bit of an expert in this market. I believe there is a Japanese Pikachu card released for his birthday. And it's Pikachu's birthday card. And there's very, very, very few of these that are out there. And they're very valuable, especially if it's in good condition. What is very valuable? I believe it's close to a million dollars. There's a lot of new information in Bitcoin that's all about English communication. Whether you're attending foreign conferences or communicating with big companies, or you want to go to a web-sign company or a big international company, having good English skills is the basic threshold. If you want to speak good English, open the door to communication with experts all over the world. But you don't know where to start. If you want to use fluent English, you can try ElsaSpeak. She's an AI-based English learning app invested by Google. It has over 90 million downloads worldwide. She's like your 24-hour English teacher who uses powerful deep-seated AI to help you train your communication skills. No matter where your level is, ElsaSpeak will do the learning plan according to your needs and preferences. For example, the original individual language setting includes the grammar, vocabulary, and dialogue in a day's course. With the powerful pronunciation function, you can see the pronunciation, the details and the score. Hey, I'm about to interview one of the biggest names in crypto. That's exciting. Pronunciation, words, and grammar will give you a very clear feedback. The speech analyzer in the Elsa Premium website will give you a detailed report as long as you record an English speech. It will tell you where to improve. You can also predict the score of the professional proofs and the scores. It's suitable for those who need to practice long-term meetings or short-term users. If you want to start learning from the basics, I recommend you start with the Elsa Pro plan. If you want to practice the speech from the basics to the next level, unlock AI English dialogue, and start to learn from the professional English courses like Tobu and Ayas, Elsa is made for all levels of English. Click the link in the description box to use the channel's exclusive code, B-O-N-N-I-E. You can get a discounted price in the app. Now, starting on July 30, July 7, the Elsa Pro and Elsa Premium lifelong version plan can be bought at a discounted price of nearly 40% Remember that this discount code is only for those who use the information section. Now, let's start speaking in English. It's even better if it can actually deteriorate over time. So they disappear and the supply decreases. For example, the reason the Pikachu Pokemon card is valuable isn't because they were so many of them, it's because many of them also disappeared throughout the life of its course or the conditions worsened. So those things increase value. So also, I find wine is a huge category that people buy as a way to store value because wine also deteriorates over time. So if you protect it and perfect it, the value is exponentially higher. And so scarcity is the most important thing. I would also argue that these assets have some elements of non-fungibility where you can't apply leverage very easily. And because so much of the value driven from equities and fixed income come from the credit system, this is a low volatility kind of situation when it comes to the ability to apply leverage, mostly because the asset is high volatility. And that is actually the inherent quality we're looking for. We want assets that are highly volatile because it has inherent endogenous energy for performance and it isn't being manufactured to be volatile for the sake of it when the asset itself is not very volatile, which is the entire birthing of the kind of financial system as we know it. Do you go to Bitwise and say we want 40% in Pokemon cards? Is there like a model you use to allocate how many? How do you suggest? This is my personal allocation strategy. I collect a lot of random art. I'm a big fan of Daniel Arsham, for example, and Daniel Arsham has a following, right? Which is that he combines some kind of street culture with high-end art as well. He's in meaningful galleries. And the Murakami's of the world is a category. And so those things are useful in your portfolio diversification. I should mention the third piece of what makes these valuable is it has to be somewhat censorship resistant. So this goes back to the notion of opting out of the system where bonds and equities, you're in a system where you're trading these to brokerages. You're generally not the custodial holders of these securities instruments anyway, even if you own Microsoft stock, it's generally not in your name. It's in actually the custodian's name on behalf of your name. So true ownership is really important. This is why gold versus GLD ETF is important. And it's because if you really believe there's diversification away from the compliance world as we know it, then these are the assets that's gonna retain more value because the virtue of not being in the system where it's tangibly yours is the key feature of what makes it valuable. I wanna ask you, so what is value? What creates value? Yesterday, Peter Schiff was sitting there. He said, you Bitcoiners are just trading nothing. You're buying nothing. How would you respond to that? Yeah, I would respond with a famous adage. I did not coin this, but one that I love, which is that everyone these days seems to know the price of everything, but knows the value of nothing, which is that we live in a world of so much information. We see tick by tick of all these trading activities and high frequency trading opportunities where it seems to intimate a sense of value because of the transactional dynamic. But the reality is those things are just moments in times of transactional dynamics where it doesn't truly mean that's its terminal value forever. And so things that are actually truly valuable sometimes do not trade. Sometimes the most valuable things actually are meant to be held for a long time. So think about how billionaires these days invest in things like sports clubs and franchises. These things don't trade. They're actually once in a lifetime generational transaction for which value is created and transferred. So I actually think people often confuse value being related to price, but the difference is price is the reflection of someone's intention to pay for something whereas the value is actually something that inherently is worth, which you don't actually always know until there's a time to experience it. Does it have to be a consensus? Like the majority of population recognize that this thing costs $2,000 or? Everyone could be wrong. Yeah, that's the thing. It's value is ultimately dependent at some level on your personal preference. And that's why older people love gold and young people love Bitcoin. And at some level, these are personal choices. But the other reason why I'm so optimistic about Bitcoin and generally these resistance assets is because I think young people have already intuited most of the financial economy is a little bit rigged. So they have this sense of the stock market generally not being healthy. And I actually do think that in some ways our system has failed in promoting that narrative of a healthy robust market of fair practice. Think about the trends of, for example, nowadays zero day expiry options are more than 50% of the trading volume of your S&P 500 and NASDAQ listed options. Zero day expiry options, right? These are literally lotto tickets. And the fact that this hyperfinancialization is happening with regulators consent shows you it's becoming so casino-fied. And I think when young people see that happening their reaction is totally natural to say, I'm not gonna play that game because I don't really know it, but I'm just gonna buy the things I know and I like, because at least that is valuable to me. And other young people say that is valuable to me as well. And I think actually that's what ultimately creates value as we come to appreciate it. Okay, let's get your macro outlook on some of these assets that you brought up. So you brought up gold, let's compare gold to Bitcoin. I read this the other day, not yet the other day, yesterday, it came out yesterday. As of the date of the recording, May 29th, Goldman Sachs analyst predicts 4,000 gold, calling it a better hedge than Bitcoin. 4,000 by mid 2026, this is his quote from an analyst here, supply is very limited. The vast majority of available gold supply has already been mined. And Bitcoin supply by design is also limited. I think this limited supply gives some confidence to investors who are worried about runaway inflation. The geopolitical forces behind gold are then later discussed. Part of the reason why investors flocked to gold post 2022 was the weaponization of the dollar and the loss of trust of US treasuries. Prior to that, we had people rushing to treasuries to get into the dollar for safety, but loss of confidence brought them to the yellow metal is one argument. Anyway, can you just evaluate what I said as well as what the Goldman Sachs analyst projection has? Yeah, I think gold is inherently valuable because it has a long track record of being perceived valuable by a global population. This goes back to your original question as to who finds and determines value. And gold without a doubt has the longest proven track record. When I got married, I was gifted gold. When I had children, my family gifted me gold. And all of these constructs come from the notion that these are hard assets that allow you to opt out of having fiat economy. And especially if you think that these things can be transportable, then it's actually even more interesting to think about the kinds of flight risks and the most tail edge of events where people are trying to participate or protection for. So I think in that sense, the psyche of gold is real. The geopolitical contribution is also real because after Bretton Woods ended in 1971, it hasn't been that long for a whole generation to still not remember the role of gold. So there are people out there who still remember the essence of how you used to have capital that was backed by assets that wasn't totally dependent on just the trust credit worthiness of the country. And so that trend is important because if you think about revisiting a world where we return back to like a price, best-seller mechanism, like a gold standard, then gold will come back. And actually a lot of the government institutions are buying gold and the central banks are participating because they're looking at gold as the hedge for the day in which that will contribute to collateralizing a new world order. So to me, this makes a lot of sense. Okay, and just the other side of the equation, I'll pass it back to Bonnie. He compared it to Bitcoin, calling it a safer hedge than Bitcoin. This is his quote regarding Bitcoin. Bitcoin is more volatile and sensitive to drawdowns, more positively correlated with tech equities. Bitcoin and equities both do well when risk sentiment is positive. So that probably may contribute to the riskier aspect. Can you evaluate what he just said there? Yeah, so I think it's easy to dismiss volatility as a feature that is a net negative, but actually what I would argue is young people actually embrace volatility. Some of that I think is a generational trend where they realize that the opportunity cost is way too high to not experience volatility to achieve some level of wealth creation. But the reality is volatility, again, is a path-dependent outcome where the only thing investors really care about is the term of value. So if you really believe Bitcoin is going to be valuable over a long period of time, people can weather the volatility. The thing that I worry a little bit more as to where Bitcoin falls a little short versus something like gold is that most humans are not very good at being owners of their own assets, self-custodial ownership, right? And it's actually perfectly human to want to outsource that to somebody else and say, you manage the custody of my assets because I'm afraid of those risks. And Bitcoin turns that model completely upside down, right? Because to truly own Bitcoin, you must do it in a self-custodial way where you're willing to entertain the possibility that you'll lose it all if you mess up. And most humans cannot tolerate that risk. Gold has elements of this, but the ability to lose all your gold is not nearly as drastic in the ways that people might just forget their keys or actually have their keys stolen because gold is still a material physicality and that exists in the universe. And so when people compare gold and Bitcoin, I actually don't worry about the volatility. I don't worry about like the price. It's the self-custodial aspect that I think many people will still struggle with where they're comforted by knowing they have a physical object that they can hold, smell and taste and know that it is here. And Bitcoin feels at some level a little bit abstract, which is why some people still till this day don't really believe it's materially valuable. But soon we can just leave our Bitcoin with the banks. Isn't that a lot easier? It removes the concern. Yeah, I think this is the innovation that we are embarking upon, which is how are we gonna integrate Bitcoin to a business model where we can remove some of those tail risks of loss and insurance, but also not totally lose the element of those being your sovereign assets. Because the moment these assets like Bitcoin become contributed into a custody model where you are no longer the owner, we're kind of revisiting the traditional financial system as we have it. And that means that the exchange or the bank can re-lend it and re-hypothecate it. And it begins to kind of look a lot like what we thought we were solving for. So I think what we're really trying to figure out is can we build a nicer user experience that allows people to feel comfort and safety in owning Bitcoin? Where you get that white glove experience, but you are still the person that own these assets in your name. And I think that is the great chapter that can be unlocked with the growth that we see in the industry. Are you seeing any possible solution? Are we close to any solution? You know, I think the fact that the ETFs have been very popular in its growth trajectory shows you that there is a version of owning price exposure without worrying about the price. Worrying about that custody risk that is valuable to investors. So I think in some sense, they can coexist. People still want financialized version of Bitcoin because that means it plays nicely in their portfolio management systems. They know how to margin it. They can borrow against it. The borrow market lets you lend your Bitcoin ETF out without counterparty risks. Whereas if you lend out your Bitcoin, now there's real counterparty risk. And so there's certain features of the financial system for which it can be very good. So I think there will always be value for needing a wrapper that plays into the traditional compliance system. But it also doesn't mean it's mutually exclusive that investors should not also want to own some Bitcoin in cold custody as well. And I think everyone should actually do both because then you get to really see why the experience has different challenges but privileges that are associated with it as well. Going back to your Twitter post, you talked about assets that transform time. What does that even mean? Yeah, yeah. So great question. I consider time to be one of the component of energy that can be created that can in turn turn to value. So in many ways, I think Bitcoin represented a concept of this through proof of work where enable to actually mine a Bitcoin, you actually have to expend a lot of energy and time to get the block subsidy, which in turn is a battery almost that has captured the effort and has given you a reward for it. That's why the scarcity exists because time is scarce and energy is scarce. I think there's many other ways to apply this, which is there are human capital in itself that is scarce and actually the use of that human capital can be valuable. So the number one example I point to people is professional gambling. So when people think about gambling, I'm not talking about slot machines, right? Where like we're just playing games that have negative EVs. I'm talking about professional gambling where real skills can add positive EV outcomes. So poker is a great example. If you're a great poker player, you can generally have a positive EV outcome. And that is because your time is valuable because you're spending to it and the energy you have to expend to win is not insignificant either. But that income stream looks totally unrelated to the stock market. It looks totally unrelated to the interest rate policy. It is just an ability to earn income that is based on your human capital. Another good example is sports betting. Sports betting is widely known as one of the most complex markets, generally because the information edge does favor smart bettors. So there are professional sports bettors who are actually able to be better than the bookies in which the bookies rely on the best bettors to create the inside market. So if you're a professional sports bettor, that's another outcome of an income stream that comes from expending energy. And that kind of ability to earn income I think should be a component of how to imagine income creation in your portfolio. Well, in a recent report that Bitwise Asset Management published, your company is projecting significant increases in ETF inflows into Bitcoin. So I think by the order of 300 billion anticipated by 2026, 120 billion by the end of this year up significantly from what it was last year. So why the significant growth over the next one year? Yeah, I think it goes back to the comment you shared earlier in which the risk of Bitcoin seems to be that it is highly correlated to risk on assets. And I think what we are now seeing is that those moments are also fleeting and we are starting to see divergences of Bitcoin's price action relative to equities in ways that people are giving it more optionality that it could outperform in a risk on and risk off environment. So I call this phenomenon a positive row Bitcoin or a negative row Bitcoin. Row is a Greek in options terminology that implies a change in value based on the change in interest rate. And generally if you thought interest rates were gonna go up, that's a pretty challenging market environment. It's a market environment where people are worried and in those situations that are risk off, you could imagine Bitcoin becomes a store of value. But historically what happened was reverse which is that Bitcoin is a risk on asset, right? Where rates go down, Bitcoin is the fastest horse because it fights inflation the fastest. And the key is, is there a moment when Bitcoin can be both? And I think what you're seeing is through the volatile path, if you zoom out and look at the long history of Bitcoin's price action, it is actually both positive row and negative row depending on the market environment. And I think that's why Bitcoin's valuable and people are realizing there's now over 10 years of track record of having demonstrated this. And so the Bitcoin ETF lets you access it in ways that people can build their portfolios thoughtfully and financial advisors are finally understanding this use case where it is no longer a scandalous conversation to potentially suggest this being important, especially after US credit ratings was downgraded most recently. And this issues with fiscal expenditures is becoming a everyday topic of conversation. I misspoke, it wasn't just ETFs as the primary source of inflow, it was $400 billion of inflows into Bitcoin overall, but that was actually my next question, break it down for us. Percentage roughly of that 400 billion being ETFs or spot or futures or you know, layer twos, whatever the case may be. I think that the ETF market is going to be relatively large at a global scale and we have to remember we still don't have ETFs in many markets yet. For example, Korea does not have a Bitcoin ETF yet. And so those wrappers are still growing at a global scale and they are going to become important because like I said, many humans do not want to actually deal with the self-custodial risk of Bitcoin. And I think that is a feature you have to acknowledge that people find valuable. And so that will be complimentary to those who actually still want to own Bitcoin directly because they find that to be culturally aligned with the mission. But I think what you'll see is most people are economic investors and they want to earn the best profit opportunities. And having it in the ETF wrapper just lets you do more things from a financialization perspective, right? Think about the popular basis trade where you go along the spot Bitcoin asset and you go short the Bitcoin futures and you're able to collect that spread. Those kinds of trades become a little bit easier when you're using traditional assets that allow cross-margining with your prime broker. A little bit more challenging to do it with crypto assets today at least on a capital efficiency basis. So I think those kinds of reasons give you a little bit of like a financial edge to owning the ETF wrapper for now than it might be for the spot asset. Earlier you talk about art or cards. Is it easier to trade those things if they're on chain? So that means you might be a believer of RWA. There are a lot of people out there that don't believe it. They're like, we want our art on the wall. We want to be able to touch the gold. Break it down for me. Yeah. Yeah. I think RWA is a fascinating trend and one where people apply different versions of what they expect that to capture. For me, there's two emerging trends. One version of the RWA is tokenization of existing financial wrappers that historically were illiquid but were bringing liquidity to those financial assets. So think about private equity. Immensely illiquid. Private credit, very illiquid. But if you tokenize it and maybe make the market a little bit more tradable, you can imagine the secondary's market for what was historically illiquid does become more liquid and tokenization permits that. That's a version of an RWA story. The other RWA is actually, what about assets that were never traded, never securitized, has actually never been created for trading purposes? And can we put them in a tokenized wrapper so they find liquidity that's never found before? That is the part that I find more interesting, which is to your question, things like trading cards or sneakers. These have great volume. People trade these assets all the time. Companies like StockX exist and make great margins on the logistics of it. But the logistics is actually a cost of business because shipping sneakers and storing them, paying insurance, all those things are auxiliary costs to that business model, which ultimately the consumers pay for. The thing that on-chain tokenization can unlock for this is you could imagine a whole new business where the certificate of authenticity in itself being represented by something that is digital in nature would allow you to trade ownership without the asset necessarily moving. And so I think there's a lot of companies that have tried this in the past where the watch market, for example, is very huge, very valuable. And there's a lot of frauds. And so the authenticity component is important. But you also want to create a trading market where you don't have to move around the watch every time if the end buyer doesn't want to claim it because they're actually just interested in the financial speculation. Then you can see RWA becomes more of a liquid market. But you can almost then still imagine the physical asset being claimable, that it gives it value. I'm just going to play devil's advocate here. We've seen this a couple of years ago when people started making tokenized watches or Rolexes and whatever. Most of those went to zero. A Rolex is still 25 grand. So we don't need it. That's my argument. In terms of the Rolexes themselves? No, in terms of, well, that could be an argument as well. No, in terms of the digital Rolex, we don't need to digitize existing hard assets. That's a counter-argument. How would you respond to that? And the point I was trying to make is that if you look at precedent, the digitized asset went to zero. Right, right, right. Whereas the real asset still retained value. I think what you're intimating though is the digital asset had no claim to a physical asset, right? It was a metaverse asset is what you're saying. Yeah, it could have been, or it could have been, or could it just been an NFT of that particular asset. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, a metaverse asset. Yeah, I'm talking about a version where you actually have a claim to the physical asset. And the NFT permits the ease of trading of that physical asset. So that is a model that I think we have also seen in crypto. Not many of them have succeeded to date, but one that I do think at the right inflection point could be worthwhile. Sure. Yeah, I agree with you. Paying lots of money for pictures. Did you remember that time when people were paying a lot of money for digital stuff, like digital shoes and digital Gucci's, and people were buying digital land? Yeah, I remember. I don't know what happened to the digital land. Is that still big? Yeah, you can just create more land. There's no scarcity anyway. We're going off topic. Yeah. All right, let's talk about you as a trader. You were a derivatives trader at Morgan Stanley. I just wonder, well, first of all, what exactly did you trade? And I'm just linking it back to your current job and how you apply those lessons. Yeah, I started my career trading exotic options. And equity derivatives at Morgan Stanley, what that means is there are a whole class of financial instruments that are so complex that Black Scholes is not good enough to price those assets. Wow. Because Black Scholes has actually a pretty deterministic model. And what you actually need for some exotic options is a stochastic model that is actually path dependent and taking a lot of different local volatility inputs. So these things are hybrid options, barrier options, knock ins, knock outs. You may not have heard of any of these. But these are essentially some of the most complex financial engineering for a variety of insurance or speculation purposes. And so the thing that is most worrisome for exotic traders like myself in these moments is you're always worried that the model can't capture perfectly the most extreme events. Because the most extreme events are very challenging to model correctly, even with stochastic volatility, where the correlation between some inputs cannot be captured correctly. So for example, if SPOT goes up, generally that has an implication for what volatility will do. If SPOT goes down, we know volatility tends to go up. But you need to be able to incorporate some correlation in the path dependency in these models that can be sometimes very unstable. And so part of the reason why I think I discovered Bitcoin and its interest really early on was because I was basically pricing events that no one thinks could happen. For example? So tail options. Everything about exotic options is imagining the most adverse scenario of something that you otherwise wouldn't think would be probably priced. And so you have to assume these tail events that are three-center deviations might be more probable than you think. And so when I discovered Bitcoin, it was that moment when most people will be skeptical and say, hey, this looks funny. It seems like it's interesting, but it's probably worthless. And it's probably going to go to zero. I think I was naturally wired to imagine, but what if it doesn't go to zero? If it doesn't go to zero, it's actually probably worth a lot. And that probability calculation can be very challenging for most humans, where the outcome is zero or extremely valuable, but the percentage of that happening is low. When did you get started with Bitcoin again? So I learned about it in 2010 on the trading floor. And I purchased my first three years thereafter. OK, so 2013. If you had taken the price chart of Bitcoin up until 2013 and plugged that into one of your models, would Bitcoin reaching 100k back in 2013, would that have been a three-standard deviation event? Well, I mean, that would have been like a 15-standard deviation event. Yeah. Yet it made it. How? Lots of time and energy and focus. No, I mean, the reality is we're still on this journey. And we don't know still what the price of Bitcoin's ceiling ultimately is. But I also tell folks, when you bet on Bitcoin, you're not always betting on the price of Bitcoin going up. Sometimes you're betting on the price of fiat going down. And that's another mentality that I think is something counterintuitive to imagine. But most of Bitcoin's value creation really happened because fiat got debased. And that's what was, I think, happening at a faster pace than people imagined ever since the global financial crisis. With Bitcoin, I think most people understand. Can I replace Bitcoin with altcoins? Does that model still work? I think my personal opinion is that right now, we're living in a Bitcoin-obust world. Everyone really likes Bitcoin. And altcoins are suffering at some level, finding some conviction. But I think with clarity in market structure and utilities around these things existing for financial purposes that are more than just memetic trading, could imagine that altcoins could be useful. I think for now, the experience so far has been most people bought altcoins because they really like the levered volatility to crypto. So if Bitcoin's going up 5%, you thought the altcoin might go up 15%. So you're going to buy the altcoin. And what you've seen the last nine months, really, and maybe even longer now, is that correlation has completely broken apart. Bitcoin can go up, and altcoins can go down. It's actually no longer a levered bet on Bitcoin. I think part of why that also is the case is when the ETF was approved, you actually got the chance to now trade options on those Bitcoin ETFs in December of last year. So actually, if you want levered Bitcoin exposure, you can just trade call options on Bitcoin instead. And is that why the altcoin market is less active now than before? I'm just speculating here, because if I wanted to be a degen instead of buying some meme coin, I could just buy options on Bitcoin. That'd get me the same kind of high. Exactly. You get the same kind of experience, the thrill of the ups and downs with levered exposure. And it's safer, because the basis risk is gone. You don't have to worry about the Bitcoin and helium relationship or the Bitcoin-Lisalana relationship. And so Bitcoin options make a ton of sense. And the second thing that happened is these Bitcoin treasury companies came along, right? The micro strategies of the world, those are also more volatile than Bitcoin. And so I consider both Bitcoin options and the rise of these treasury companies, like the micro strategies, the meta planets, are all taking volume away from altcoin trading, where retail investors are choosing to just bet differently on the degenerate kind of betting, as you would describe it, where these companies, these securities are saving that interest with a little bit cleaner basis risk to the actual exposure you want, which is Bitcoin. You know, there are other companies trying to copy strategy strategy with Solana or with Ethereum. Do you think it works? I'm really excited to see if it will work. I'm optimistic that it can find some product market fit. And I'll tell you why. I think Bitcoin has worked so far, because everyone believes Bitcoin is valuable, right? So you can borrow against it. And people are willing to give it some credit worthiness. So strategy is able to tap into the credit market, because having a certain amount of bitcoins gives those lenders an appreciation to think that there's value for them to recover. So the first thing is you must believe these asset collateral is valuable. And Bitcoin succeeds in this in every dimension. You might argue this doesn't succeed with any other asset today in crypto, such as Ethereum or Solana. Some will disagree, and some will otherwise agree. That's an open question. I'm excited to see how people underwrite. But I'll tell you why these treasury strategies work in addition to the credit collateral. One is it works if the underlying asset is volatile, because the leverage on volatility is what is creating value for these corporate treasuries. And Ethereum and Solana happen to be both more volatile than Bitcoin. So that's plus one for ETH, plus one for Solana. That's advantageous. The other thing is Bitcoin is, today at least, a fairly dormant passive asset. It exists, and people kind of let it be. You don't really earn income off. You don't stake it. It lives in cold custody. You put it under your mattress. It looks like gold. But Ethereum is not, right? Everyone knows in Ethereum, you actually kind of have to participate in the network security to earn the incremental yield that is provided by proof of stake, where restaking has emerged as a theme. And there's other things that you can do with ETH that gives you incremental yield than actually just keep it getting cold to custody. And ETFs don't actually do that just yet. But these operating companies might be able to do that. So the benefit here I'm alluding to is that the asset could be maybe even a little bit more productive in an operating company structure in a way that Bitcoin doesn't have to be. And then you add the volatility on top, and those things can be potentially edges for those proof of stake tokens. That proof of work tokens don't compete with. Any lessons you've learned from Morgan Stanley's experience that you're applying to your trading experiences today? Man, I learned a lot of lessons at Morgan Stanley. I'm trying to think if any of them are super relevant to crypto. You know, the number one lesson I was told was don't F up. And rule number two is there is no rule number two, only rule number one. And I think in crypto, it's very easy to participate in some of the more speculative things that are out there and look pretty experimental. And I think I try to be a little bit more conservative in being able to access some of those new opportunities, where we do have lots of exogenous risk factors there, in even brands of protocols that you would think were fairly blue chip. And so I always have this kind of devil in the back of my head sharing those rules from Morgan Stanley that makes me wait just a little bit more before I click some buttons. And that's why I think maybe at some point, I'm a Bitcoin maxi too. So you have gone through the period of time where you bought altcoins. Of course. Of course, I've done them all. And it's funny because you do these things and you realize these codes are living, breathing things. And sometimes these protocols upgrade and they change and they go through new tokenomics. And you're supposed to have swapped something for another. And if you didn't, it's gone. And you actually have to pay attention. And there is no ISS proxy service for crypto assets where they'll mail you and they say, hey, buy this deadline. You have to elect to do this. And nobody tells you. But they just post on Twitter. They just post on Twitter because they can't reach you. And so I find that very interesting. It's one of the use cases as to why crypto adoption has been so challenging for most investors. And it's funny too, when you forget you were staking something for two years and you discover it and you're like, oh yeah, I forgot about that. And there are these big projects that come and go throughout the years. What's your message to retail investors watching right now who think they can trade options and are interested in getting into that market and that kind of game? What would you tell a beginner who's interested? I would tell every beginner that it is a critical skill at this point in your life to learn how to trade options. And I say this because options trading is incredibly useful as a mental model to think about the world through a probabilistic lens. And I think more and more, not even from economics, but the culture has changed where everyone wants things to be black and white. You're either hard yes, hard no, hard right, hard left. And there's no room for nuance. But the reality is the world is full of nuances. And so options trading trains your brain to be a little bit more mindful about the distribution of outcomes that might be possible. So then on top of that, add to the reality that most of the trading in the world is fairly alpha rich for those who know what they're doing. And so you're always going to be at a little bit of a disadvantage unless you're able to get up to speed on the things that matter. And options trading gives you a lot of leverage that only retail investors can actually benefit from the most. In my opinion, options trading represents the one thing that retail traders can do better than institutions. Because when institutions trade options, they need size. And when they are size, they move markets. But if you're a retail participant and you're just buying a few lots here and there, you're not moving the price. And you're actually not showing open interest to other people in ways people can then trade around your positions. So I have been telling folks for a long time, retail investors, it's very hard to outcompete institutions. It's almost stacked against you. You don't know the order flow. You don't know what the central limit book looks like. You're just trading. Options is the one thing where size is in your advantage as a realtime participant. So everyone should take the time to learn it. And also, Bitcoin is one of the most leptokurtic assets in the world. And so if you believe in Bitcoin, I think optionalized Bitcoin is actually a really worthwhile endeavor for someone who has a long time span to observe it. You felt like that was a perfect ending. I have one more question. Okay. Let's see if we can make this more perfect. Okay. I don't know if I can, but let me try. Lot of pressure here. Yeah, a lot of pressure. You said that when you got married, you were gifted gold. Ooh. When your kids get married, what are you giving them? Oh man. I will have to honor my family and pass down my gold as well. But I would absolutely love to include Bitcoin in this conversation. It's funny you say that because my son actually, being around me, now he's five years old, has picked up some of the conversations that my wife and I happen to have. And we do talk about Bitcoin sometimes over a dinner table. And every now and then he'll ask daddy, what's the price of Bitcoin? But he hasn't gotten to the point where he understands like big numbers. So he doesn't know a hundred thousand or 90,000. It's a hundred or 90. So he'll go around. You have to explain to him in terms of Pokemon cards. Like this is how many Pokemon cards you buy. They don't do Pokemon. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, it's true. You don't do Pokemon. Everybody else does. You're not cool, Bonnie. I actually have the perfect story to tell you now. My son has been trading Pokemon cards with his friends. And he has basically traded away some of the legitimate cards that he received for what are these fake cards that you can buy on Amazon. And in Amazon, the cards are fake. It's made in China, but they're very pretty. So they're like gold and it glitters. And you can almost see that card looks like it's more valuable. So my son traded away all his legitimate original cards to get these gold cards. And he was so proud to show me, daddy, look at these gold cards. And I didn't want to tell him they're fake. And so I had to leverage Bitcoin in this conversation where I was trying to explain to him that the blue cards are the original and they're scarce. Like Bitcoin, it's pristine collateral. And he knows what pristine collateral means because it's how I've described Bitcoin in the past. So now he goes, oh, so this is pristine collateral. I'm not trading it away. Wow, good education. Good education for the audience as well. Thank you very much, Chef. That was very educational. Thanks for having me. Super fun. Thank you. Thank you.