 The internet was the digitization of ideas and information. And right now, Bitcoin and this digital asset world were digitizing value and money. That's gotta be the biggest investment theme of all time. Over the next 10 years, I think Bitcoin can get to a million. Bitcoin, I've never seen anything like this in the investment world. This asset, the Bitcoin, and I'll call it broadly the digital asset ecosystem, last 10, 12 years is the single best performing asset in the history of assets. There's no financial asset, there's no asset ever that is up as much as Bitcoin is. The last 10 years, last 12 years, the NASDAQ, which has done pretty well, is down 99.9% against Bitcoin. What is holding the institution back? Because they can see as the best performing asset. I think all the traditional assets, bonds, stocks, currencies, commodities, real estate, everything, that's the traditional world. And gold is in that world. And gold is a hedge against certain macro scenarios developing, you wanna have some gold in your portfolio, in your traditional portfolio. Bitcoin to me can be thought of as a hedge against the entire traditional world, including gold in it. Bitcoin and the digital asset world is really the only interesting thing to be doing. If you understand store of value and gold as a currency, it's not that far a leap to understand Bitcoin. We're going to have 100 billion robots in 10 years. People are gonna have to start to think about what to do with all of the time that they have. That like we're approaching some metaphysical moment in human history, where the level of wealth and will be so high that services and goods will cost almost nothing. And he says the real challenge for people will be what to do with themselves. If you look at the future, you wanna be in the middle of the most liquid, deepest market. But people are not talking about it. People just don't care. I know, I don't get it. Got the whole crypto world going wild. Bonnie Buckley, she's the queen of the game. Stacking crypto like it's her claim to fame. If you want success, then take a look away. Hi, Dan. Hey, Bonnie, good to see you. I'm super excited to talk to you because you have a very interesting path. So from macro to gold to crypto. So how did your experience in gold and the old world asset help you understand Bitcoin better? Yeah, I mean, I almost think how could you ever take another path, meaning to get to understand the macro first lets you understand about broader, let's just say monetary developments in general, right? And so of course, if you're involved in the macro markets, gold used to be the anchor, but gold is a very heavily traded commodity. And of course, the traditional 5,000 year old store of value. So if you understand store of value and gold as a macro, store of value and gold as a currency, it's not that far a leap to understand Bitcoin as a store of value and a currency. It is a cryptocurrency. It's just a digital form. And the fact that of course it was scarce, 21 million only, that made it easy. What made Bitcoin really hard was the tech behind it. So I understood why it was a store of value for the digital world, but understanding how blockchains work, how the proof of work algorithm actually works, reading the Satoshi white paper and having confidence that you understand what's behind the Bitcoin network, right, that is more complicated. And that took a little longer. But the move from macro to gold to Bitcoin, that wasn't that challenging. It's sort of beyond that. And then really understanding that Bitcoin and the digital asset world is really the only interesting thing to be doing. Like that's another leap. Are you still holding gold? Yeah, of course. I mean, a long time. Yeah. And I still have my gold business. I founded GBI Gold Bullion International in 09 with a partner, that partner is still the CEO of that business. And last I checked, we were the third largest vaulter of gold in the world outside of the banking system. So that business, we have vaults in seven different locations around the world where we lease space. And it's chugging along, it just had a record of a quarter, I'm sure, with the gold price doing what it's doing. But yeah, no, I think gold is a very important hedge for the traditional world. So in my mind, I see all the traditional assets, bonds, stocks, currencies, commodities, real estate, everything, that's in traditional world. And gold is in that world. And gold is a hedge against certain macro scenarios developing, you wanna have some gold in your portfolio in your traditional portfolio. Bitcoin to me can be thought of as a hedge against the entire traditional world, including gold in it. Bitcoin has many, many properties. I don't know if you saw that post Michael Saylor put out recently, the 21 qualities of Bitcoin. I mean, I think that's exactly right. I mean, there are so many things that are driving Bitcoin. But thinking about it within that macro construct as a hedge against everything in the traditional world, I think if you thought about that 10 years ago, you've done very well. Right, Bitcoin as a hedge. You don't see it as people say a replacement of gold. No, I don't think you can replace gold. I don't think gold's going anywhere. Like I don't think the dollar is getting replaced either. I mean, what is it gonna get replaced by, you know, the Euro or the yen or the RMB? I mean, there's no way. And if it's being used less in world trade, that makes sense. The dollar is overused in certain ways. But gold, no, gold, also think about it this way. Gold is a physical form of store of value. So if, just think about this, I had this thought a few years ago, if everything eventually moves on chain, all value, and everything is digitized, then I think there becomes almost an extreme demand for something physical that's off the grid, that's not on chain. So gold, physical gold, I think as long as we're human beings and we're analog, and we're not just projections of ourselves, like that we actually live and move in the world, and I don't think gold is going away though. That sounds like, you know, when COVID happened, everyone's online now, so people crave this in-person meeting now. Yeah. Like that's the same logic, right? It's a very good point. I mean, look, you flew all the way to New York and you came to our 50T get together. Yeah, that was amazing. Well, that was great that you came, and I thought that event was great, the DAS event. You know, when you get out, I do think these in-person experiences are gonna become more and more valuable. You get out, you feel the, you know, the community, the vibe of the community, it's very energetic. They're, you know, it's very young, people are on the go. You know, I think New York ends up just becoming a massive meeting place, right? I don't know that you wanna live there cause it's a bit nutty, but I think as a place for people to come in and meet, once they finish the, you know, the airports and, you know, fix some of the infrastructure, I like, I think the next 10 years, that becomes something that's very important to people in their lives, even much more than now. It was like, I was listening to Elon Musk yesterday and he was saying, oh, that we're going to have a hundred billion robots in 10 years or something like that. He says, people are gonna have to start to think about what to do with all of the time that they have, that like we're approaching some, you know, metaphysical moment in human history where, you know, the level of wealth and will be so high that services and goods will be almost, cost almost nothing. And he says, the real challenge for people will be what to do with themselves. So I think events, again, that's a very roundabout way of saying, but I think events like the one we were at, you know, the Digital Asset Summit, New York, those become very valuable. What is the timeline? Like you think in 10 years we'll have a lot of time or in 20. Don't you have a lot of time now? No, no. No, okay. Well, I think he said 10 years. I think he just means it'll incrementally change. It'll feel a lot different than let's say 10 years ago. Right? These changes are big. I mean, AI, so I'll give you an example. Today, I was on a board call for one of our companies. We've invested in 23 companies, have 11 board seats, you know, where the firm is represented. And I was on a call today, and this is one of the more complex, deeply technical companies we've invested in. They do API and node infrastructure. Okay? Great, great company. They're gonna do 50 million in revenue this year. I'm thrilled or more. And they said that the coding that six to 12 months ago, AI was doing less than 5% of all the coding in the firm. And today, it's doing 40%. Wow. 40%, like in a year. So their costs are dropping big time because they don't need as many developers or they repurpose them or whatever it is. But could you imagine that 40%? This is a big firm, successful, important crypto business going from essentially zero to 40% of all their coding needs. So I think it's like, I was baffled by that today, just listening to that call. And I think we're thinking, we're gonna have to think about that kind of change and how it impacts us. I mean, every day, I just, we're all still trying to work through it. I mean, even Elon Musk and his 100 billion robots. Well, okay, so if we look at the world today with things like AI, robotic, or the market, like US debt, the tariff, trade war, what do you think is one of the risk or trend opportunity that most investors are missing? I still think that our space is really underappreciated and under owned. I think Bitcoin, I've never seen anything like this in the investment world. Normally, and again, I've been in this world since the early 90s. Normally, investors, good and bad ones, they tend to chase performance. People wanna own something that does well. And sometimes that doesn't work out well for them. They buy, collapses, they sell, whatever it is. But for the most part, people's attention increases when the asset does well. This asset, Bitcoin, and I'll call it broadly the digital asset ecosystem, last 10, 12 years is the single best performing asset in the history of assets. I mean, there's no financial asset, there's no asset ever that is up as much as Bitcoin is. It's, I don't know, tens of thousands of percent, hundreds of thousands, depending upon where you start. But the point that I always highlight to people is that the last 10 years, last 12 years, the NASDAQ, which has done pretty well, is down 99.9% against Bitcoin. So if 12 years ago you bought NASDAQ and you bought Bitcoin, your NASDAQ is down 99% against your Bitcoin position, right, because Bitcoin is appreciated so dramatically. Normally, that would bring a lot of people's attention. But today, you know, the traditional world, there's $800 trillion of assets, Bitcoin and all the digital assets, all the cryptocurrencies, protocols, whatever, all of it, and all the equity of the companies in the space is still only three to four trillion. So it's like three, it's tiny, it's like 4% of total world assets. It's, you would think that it would, I don't know, be more accepted, or finally now the Trump administration, I think, has brought the attention level higher. Larry Fink, you know, changing his mind on it in the summer of 23 and bringing the ETF in January 24, that was a big deal. But it's still tiny compared to all the other assets. So I'm just surprised how long it's taking. I mean, I was first introduced to this role in 2012. I didn't act, you know, immediately, and there are a bunch of different reasons. I mean, immediately in significant size, but I certainly was aware of it. I had a hard time convincing myself about certain things. Here we are, it's like 15 years since more, 16 years. And still there are a lot of people who are just not paying attention. What is holding the institution back? Because they can see it's the best performing asset. Yeah, I think just, you know, the risk averse. There's no box to put this into, that's the problem. It's that it's, and many of those institutional investors, also they're not, they don't invest in currency at all. So they tend to be US institutions, especially stocks and bonds. Bonds are a dead asset class. I don't know why anyone would own a bond three, 4% a year. It just, it's not, it's not even worth bothering with it. Do you think it's safe? I don't think it's unsafe, but I think your purchasing power is getting debased dramatically against other things. I think that's really the problem is that if you look at not just Bitcoin, you can look at Ethereum or even something like Ripple, which many people don't believe is validity. But if you take any cryptocurrency or any business in the crypto space over the last 10, 12 years, versus anything in the old world, it's killed it. It's not just Bitcoin, even Ripple. NASDAQ is down 99% against Ripple in the last 10, 12 years. So this is a whole new digital asset world, the digital asset economy that's growing up from nothing. And I think all the value will eventually transfer from the old world and merge into this new world. I don't think the old world's going away. Just like you said, is gold gonna go away? I think you'll have gold on chain. You do a little bit, but there's no interest for some reason there. Their interest is small. But yeah, digital, I mean, a physical goal isn't going away. I don't think physical real estate is going away. But I think if you own a lot of real estate, the purchasing power of that asset is getting degraded versus all the assets in the digital world. Right, because over the next 10 years, I think Bitcoin can get to a million, which would be about a $20 trillion market value, which is not even that great. That's what gold is today. It's not even a fraction. It's still a fraction of the 800 trillion. So I'm saying, okay, Bitcoin, the best, most liquid store of value, best performing asset of all time, okay, it goes up 10 times from today over the next 10 years. It's not such a big goal, but a million dollar Bitcoin puts the value at 20 trillion. And I think that real estate is not going up 10 times. And I don't think the NASDAQ is gonna go up 10 times. And then there are other assets within the digital asset world that potentially will do even more. Because as you know, a big chunk of our world is venture. There are the core assets, Bitcoin, ETH, I think Solana. But a lot of the smaller cryptocurrencies eventually just trend to zero. And they're really more like venture projects than they are, I would say, assets that will hold value. See, that's exactly my next question. Because in one of your interviews, you said DeFi revenue has grown 10X since DeFi semifinal. 18 months. 18 months, right. In the last 18 months, DeFi revenue is up, yeah, 10 times to 230 million in I think it was December or January. It was only like 25 million 18 months ago. But people are not talking about it. Like people just don't care. I know, I don't get it. Like, it's so funny. I had a call just before you with the Sovereign Wealth Fund, believe it or not. So you know what part of the world he's in. And I put up in our deck is that chart of the DeFi revenue from 2020 till today. And he was blown away. He says, I had no idea that we so far surpassed the 2021 DeFi, because that was DeFi summer and there was all this hoopla. But I think the single biggest month in 21 was like $13 million of revenue from the biggest craziest month. He said, I had no idea. And the reality is that the on-chain economy is growing. It's sort of beneath the radar. I mean, it doesn't feel beneath the radar me, but look, in 2021, there were zero essentially stable coins. And last year we settled over $10 trillion of stable coins. That's just stable coins. Then I just think you've got the borrow and lend protocols in the decentralized world, the yield protocols. Some of them are bogus, but a lot of them are not. Aave as an example was small in 2021. It is not small anymore. The DEXs have also exploded. DEX volume is almost non-existent in 2020, 2021. So just the on-chain economy is kind of booming. But you know what? I asked my analyst today, I said, well, why does it feel, doesn't feel as good as it... And it feels good for us. I mean, it feels good for us. It feels really good. It's just that for some reason, I feel that other people don't feel as good. And then he sent me this chart I should send to you. It shows that how many coins have gone to zero that were issued in this year. And so unfortunately, it looks like so many... Here's the chart. He says 52.7% of cryptocurrencies have died since 2021. And in 2025, I'm sorry? Including meme coins. Yeah, yeah. It just looks like there's so many garbage things out there. I mean, there were garbage things out there in 2021, but the number is exponential. And unfortunately, people who aren't investors sometimes get caught up in the hype of some project that's getting promoted or this and that. That's why I think this regulatory clarity that the US is hopefully going to impose is a good thing because this is the future of this world. It's also a little bit of the wild west and it can be a little crazy. And I don't think, look, people are grownups. They should know what they're doing. But on the other hand, too much fraud and too much failure. I think that's one of the reasons that the space hasn't taken off more than I would have thought. I mean, even look, we had FTX happen and FTX and the San Bank-McFreed, that whole thing was a nightmare for many traditional investors who came in and actually invested into that company. And he duped a lot of people. There are a lot of dupers out there in this space. It's just like any space that's new, anytime there's innovation. Like I say often, I feel like I'm a pioneer heading west in 1840 and there are Indians coming to get me and there's bad weather and my horse dies. And there's all kinds of bad stuff that's happening. But on the other hand, you're out there and you're settling the new territory. So that's a great thing. And that just comes with problems. And you're either a settler pioneer kind of mentality person or you're not. This is for entrepreneurs. This is not for you wanna sit back and clip your coupon on your bond. That's not for you. But on the other hand, I don't think everyone should die either, 52% have died since 21. It would just be nicer if we had some guardrails or like they had to prove that they were good or something. Or, you know what I mean? It wouldn't be terrible if there was just some, I don't know, not a toll. I just, some sort of minimum basic vetting mechanism somewhere. You have companies out there like Chainalysis that vet. You have companies like Surtick that vet. Vetting, it's important to be vetted by somebody. That's good. But I bet you many of the people who are super retail who are involved, they don't even know what a vetting would look like, right? They just hear from a friend that the friend made 10X and they FOMO YOLO into it. And it's like, FOMO YOLO into it. And then the next thing they know it's a zero. And you don't wanna see people getting hurt. That's no fun. But at the moment, it's hard to control because there is a lot of innovation going on and you don't wanna block that. You don't wanna prevent that. But maybe it's just me as an older guy not wanting to see so many young people get hurt. The young guys are like, no, Dan, let it rip. Let it rip. It's survival of the fittest out here. So. Well, when you look at a protocol or a project, how do you form your investment thesis? How do you tell good from bad? Yeah. Well, so far in our fifth fund, we'll be investing in what I call growth stage protocols. But in the first four funds that I've launched, we invested only in the equity of the more developed businesses in the space. So I was looking generally for companies that were doing or were going to do 40, 50 million in revenue. So I was not investing in those venture projects. That's sort of in a way saved me. And for me, a very easy thing that actually enabled us to pass on over 200 deals in the last few years is just I wanna get in at a reasonable revenue multiple. And so one of the reasons that we passed on FTX three times was that they were trying to raise capital at a $30 billion valuation, which was more than 50 times revenue. So it's just if how am I as an investor gonna make any money? If I buy something at a $30 billion valuation, and let's say I wanna make a 10X in 10 years, that means he's gotta go from 30 billion to 300 billion. That's very difficult. And there's no room for error because I'm coming in at 50 times revenue. So we tend to only want to pay, I don't know, five to 10 times revenue. So for us, something like FTX was an easy pass, but there are a lot of easy signs if you do the work. And I'll give you one that was basic for us, which was that if you have a $30 billion company, like he purported to have, you have a board, right? Okay, so on this board traditionally, we'd have seven people, five people, seven people, right? Okay, how many people did Sam Benkman Fried have on his FTX board? What's your guess? None. Okay, well, no, he had one. He had one? He had one person. Do you want to guess who that one person was? The ex-girlfriend. His dad. Oh. Okay, so let me just say something. No, I mean, I understand there was a lot of FOMO and hype around him, but he's the quintessential crypto grifter person. Hyped it up and didn't know what they were doing and all of that other stuff. People make mistakes, but I think he went well beyond that, but it was pretty clear that if you're gonna have a $30 billion company and you're gonna have a board, if your dad is the only guy on the board, that's a pretty big red flag. I think if you talk to any single equity investor, maybe in crypto they think that's okay, but any investor from the old world would be like, whoa, what's going on here? And the guy is a Stanford professor, so what does he know about making money? There were a lot of red flags. Called them yellow. And look, that being said, we had two companies that we invested in that went to zero. I never thought I'd have any zeros. It was less than 5% of our AUM, so it didn't hurt us, but it certainly didn't help us, and I never thought I'd ever have a zero, honestly. It's a tough space. I think the signs are easier to read in our space that something is not okay. It's just that there's so many young people that don't have... I just think if you just use a very simple construct of, I'm going to invest at this thing at $1, okay? I'm willing to risk that $1, because I think, let's say over the next five years, that $1 can go to $10. That's a good risk reward. I'm going to risk one, and I'm going to create a scenario, I'm going to build a model, I'm going to write an investment memo that explains why I think the asset can go up 10 times over the next 10 years. And I'm going to do traditional cashflow analysis, I'm going to do all the analysis. You can put it into AI now, probably, just dump your whole thought into Grok, and he'll come out with a nice explanation of what the investment is, and whether you should do it or not, or whatever it is. But I think that's really the issue, is that people were not doing their homework in the 21 cycle. I think that's what led to a lot of some of those higher profile blowups. In the venture space, I don't know, I think it's pretty much like Vegas. You know, it's like Las Vegas. I mean, it's not, it's just, some of that is just pure gambling. That being said, look, the core technology and the core value principles behind Bitcoin, I think are the most important developments in the history of money and value. As I said, I think all things of value are going to be represented on some blockchain somewhere. I think even within 10 years, you're going to see all of these old world assets tokenized. You're going to see things on chain that are hard to value, that people don't, you know, all of the music rights and all of those social things, all the blockchain gaming, I think is going to be still huge. It's taking time to develop, but yeah, you have a company out there, Animoca, that I think is sort of at the forefront in that space. You invested in them, right? Yes, I did. No, you didn't? No. Oh, okay, I did. Yes, full disclosure, I did, we did. Yes, and okay, so you have different funds the first one was 10 trillion, 10T, because you thought in 2019, when the crypto market was 300 billion, you think it was going to grow to 10 trillion in 10 years. And now you have a 50T, yes. We are right on track. We're on track, correct. I can't believe it. It was my view, and I spent a lot of time thinking about it, and I thought no one will ever believe me five or 10 years from now, so I have to put that into the name of the fund for to stamp it. Yes, and now 50T. Yes. Tell me the rationale behind the number, because US stock market is 50T, right? 50T is our fifth fund now. I said, I think we got Bitcoin going to 20T in 10 years, so that's a 10X from today in 10 years. Some people in the Bitcoin world would call that bearish that I'm too negative, but I think that's a reasonable estimate. Then another 10 trillion for all of the non-Bitcoin cryptocurrencies, so then I get 30, and then I think there'll be $20 trillion of digital asset ecosystem, crypto blockchain Web3 equity or businesses that are on chain that maybe the value is represented by a token, maybe there's equity, maybe there's some hybrid model. So I think the digital asset economy, the value there is 20, so I add 20, 20 and 10, that's 50, and I think that's still only 6%, really 7%, right? If there's 800 trillion, and if you assume, okay, those assets go up in 10 years to a thousand trillion, then 50T is only 5%. So 10 years from now, it's a conservative call because how could we only have 5% of the world's assets, digitized in 10 years from now? It seems like it's too conservative a call, but 10T is gonna end up being too conservative as well. I tend to be a little conservative in my nature. I mean, I do, I'm not a venture guy, I'm not trying to make 100X returns, or choosing some super speculative token, right? So the next big topic would be real world asset, because you said everything will be on chain, but I think retail investors have a very hard time imagining what that world would look like. What do you mean I can buy real estate or gold on chain? What does that really mean? So at the moment, it doesn't mean anything because it's still early, and people aren't doing it really yet. I think there's partial buy-in from the traditional world, but there's not full buy-in. I also think there's some place where the old sort of banking rails and payment rails need to collide with DeFi, and I think that the user experience in DeFi is not great. It's very complex. I think even some of my young guys on my team who are super active in DeFi all day long, I think sometimes when they, I don't wanna say push the send button, but I think there's a moment there when they send something cross-chain where they're a little nervous. Yeah, every time. Right, so we have to move to a place where that goes away. So if the degens are nervous, like some guy at a big bank in Taipei or in a hotel, he's gonna be 10x more nervous, and so that just slows things down. So the reason I think there's value for things, everything to be on chain is that we'll have one unified place where value can become fungible. So that's the mystery here, to unlock all of the value that's there. The mystery here to unlock all of the value in these illiquid assets. I mean, real estate is hundreds of trillions, but there's real value there. Now, how do you analyze them? How do you put them on chain? How does that work? Well, it's happening slowly. I mean, gold, there's Pax Gold, my friend at Paxos, they've had that product forever, but it hasn't taken off in a way that you would've thought when they released it. I think that's because the average age of your gold investor is like 75, literally, and the average age of your DeFi, DGen is like 30, and they don't want gold, but I think it's time and convergence. As I said, I don't think the old world is going away. I just think the two are converging. But maybe we'll have our, they call it Netscape moment, or our chat GPT moment. I mentioned to you that company today went from zero to 40% in terms of the code being written by AI. So we're still waiting for that. I mean, the existence of Coinbase, I think has been tremendous. As a public company that people look up to, that does what they say they're doing, that does what they say they're gonna do. I know they're all, people always have complaints, et cetera, but I think we need to get some of the proper businesses, the more developed projects, think we need to get them into a framework where capital can be invested into them. So when Trump and the US administration says they're gonna make the US the crypto hub of the world, I think the best way really to do that is to encourage the legitimate companies to list on NASDAQ and NYSE, all globally, even the foreign ones. That's how you make the US the hub. You have 40 or 50 companies like Coinbase, not like Coinbase, but crypto blockchain businesses. And I think that helps with credibility. And then it's those companies that have access to all that traditional old world capital that also then can go in and innovate in the space. I mean, look at what Coinbase has done with base. That is mind boggling. Three years ago, would we have said that they were gonna launch an L2? I mean, no way. They're basically the gateway to DeFi now, right? I mean, I'm asking you, would you? Yeah. I was, and I'm surprised at how it's taken off. Not unexpected. A lot of companies are going public, right? Well, they would like to. Okay. I think eToro is in the hopper. I think Circle has, it's been out there at some point in the next few months. I think Figure has been discussed. I think next year, Kraken potentially could be listed. But I think if we create an environment in the US that is encouraging for companies, crypto boxing companies to list, I think that helps with that rubber stamp that is missing in the space, right? This is, we talked about this 15, 20 minutes ago. I do, and again, I'm from the traditional world originally, so maybe I'm overemphasizing the traditional world and overemphasizing that. And all the super degen guys are like, damn, that's the old world. There's gonna be no equity. There are only gonna be tokens. Everything is, it's just, it's not gonna work that way. There's too much value that's been built up in the old world. They've been building value in that world for thousands of years. I mean, think about art. Think about old master paintings. Old master paintings have been considered a store of value for 500 years. I mean, since the beginning of time, but I'm just saying, think about the last 500 years. If you made a certain amount of money and you were looking to store your wealth, 200, 300 years ago, you bought a piece of art. I mean, people do that now. I mean, you do lots of things. You have real estate. You have bonds. You have art. So just think about all the value that's accrued in that world over the thousand years. It's not gonna move on chain in one day, right? Like the, so you asked me like real world asset tokenization. It's a process. And I think it's largely defined, unfortunately, by age, which is to say that the younger people all will make it happen. The older people, I think are resistant. But I think a lot of people are like, why do we need to move that on chain? Cause we already have them at home. We already have them in a vault, in a safe. Why on chain? Because for most of the assets that they own, which are illiquid, they become fungible with all their other assets. They're also a lot safer in my view. It's a lot safer. Someone can come into your house and just rob you. True, true. I guess if you have your value on a ledger and they, I guess they could rob you then too, but they'd have to know your private key. I mean, I don't know how you, I don't know how that'll work in the future, but yeah. I think if you're just moving around in DeFi all day, you maybe don't have any value that's in the old world. I'm saying if the goal is the US is going to become the global crypto blockchain hub, how do you do that? And I think just making an environment amenable for programmers to come and develop new code off of new chains and this and that, that's great, but that's not it. It's about how to get the $800 trillion that's there digitized. Are they doing that now, you think? Does the government see it that way? Maybe a little bit. I think that they will see it this way. I think that actually, if you look at the progress that's been made over the last five years, I would argue that they see it that way. And I think the thing that's really driving them though, I mean, that they really get is the stable coin and the fact that 99% of all stable coins are dollar based, there's tremendous desire and need for dollars overseas that it really is the banking, the unbanked, many of the emerging market countries that don't have access to a bank, you have access to dollars via stable coins. I think owning the stable coin market is important for the US government and it makes sense. And people say, oh, because it allows them to fund their treasuries easier. I think that's nonsense. The US is not having difficulty funding its US treasuries. I think if you look at the future, you wanna be in the middle of the most liquid, deepest market. I don't wanna say you wanna control it, but you wanna be involved with it, right? And I think the US government- Well, it would be better if you control it. I mean, the US is not as intense about controlling everything because it stifles innovation. But where we were a year ago, like everyone in this space was being attacked, right? The SEC was suing, I don't know, eight or nine prominent companies and now those suits are all dropped. So, I think that when you say to me, do they, is the government, is the government, is this sort of their thoughts? I think if you look at where they were and where they are today, you could argue that they do see this bigger picture of all value moving on chain. But the most important thing to move on chain first is their money, the dollars. Yeah, that make a lot of sense. Yeah, so, and look, I think it's a huge benefit. Look, I always come back to this that the internet was the digitization of ideas and information. And right now, Bitcoin and this digital asset world were digitizing value and money. So, that's gotta be the biggest investment theme of all time, right? If you thought the internet was big, this has gotta be bigger from an investment perspective. So, if you wanna figure out like, what is the TAM, total addressable market, like, why do I think 50T, why do we have the 50T fund? Because I do the math, we model it out and I come up with 50T and then I talk with you and it sounds like I'm conservative because that's only gonna be 5% of the total world out there. And it's already 50T, so that's very, very encouraging. Yeah, well, the view is that it will be 50T, it's 40 today in terms of the total value. But I think 10 years from now, if only 5% of value is digitized, that seems too low, right? I'm talking, there'll be a, because there are 800 trillion in 10 years, there'll be a thousand trillion. What's a, like, you think it's more, you think it's too conservative, so what is your new number? No, that's the number I'm sticking with. I'm gonna stay with that. I think 50T is a number that has a very strong probability of happening. Just like I thought 10T was a strong probability. I remember early on when I said that, there were guys, certainly on Twitter, who were saying to me, look, you're way too low on your 10T estimate, like, that's cute, that's funny, that's nice. And maybe they'll end up being right. But I think as an investor, if you're looking for, you know, what is a good investment in the future that will preserve your purchasing power, right? Sailor says often that Bitcoin is a savings technology. I love that framework that he uses. I really believe that. And I think if you expand a little bit from Bitcoin, if you can't be 100% into Bitcoin, you see that the entire digital asset world, especially the core assets, Ethereum, Solana, has appreciated to a similar degree, even Ripple. When I first bought Ripple the first time, it was 1 10th of one penny. 1 10th of one penny. And it was so much fun to see. One penny, and it was so much fun to trade. You want on their system and you could drive the price up with like a $50,000, $100,000 purchase. It was fun. But you could like drive the price up and you go from 1 10th of one penny to 1 1⁄2 10ths of one penny. And today it's $2. That's Ripple. So, and Ripple even in our world people think is questionable. So just imagine if the questionable asset is up, what, 10s of thousands percent. I mean, that's just mind boggling. You just don't, you don't hear people talk about it in this way. I don't know why. Do you have time for one more question? I know you have to go. Yeah, I do. And we can do this again. I mean, I'm surprised how cogent I am at, what is it, 930 at night. One last question, because a lot of young people watch this show and everyone's like chasing profit. People are trying to make it, right? But what is one philosophy in life that you hold true to and that you live by? Vis-a-vis investments or like even something more like deeply philosophical? Just in life. Just in life. I would say, I mean, there's so many of them actually. I used to write, I mean, I have so many of these like little sayings and little things I do. But at the core of everything, I would say is, enjoy the discipline of your process. That's like my whole life. If you enjoy the discipline of your process, you'll be successful in anything that you do. You know, I was gonna say, some people say, oh, stay curious. Yeah, I mean, stay curious is great. Yeah, of course you have to stay curious. But nothing will ever get done if you don't have, you don't enjoy that rigor, you know, the discipline of your analytical, for me, it's my analytical process. Because that's at the end of the day, I don't wanna overstate this, but like, I mean, that is what your art is as a human being. So if you think that the creative function is the most important function of a human being, then enjoying the discipline of getting that art out has to be the purpose of your life. When you say discipline, are we talking about the discipline that everyone think, like getting up early and like the routine or stick to something? Or, you know, it can be whatever your process is, so you have a podcast and you, you know, you have a set number of podcasts that you like to do every day, every week. You have a, so if you do that for days and weeks and months and years and years, that you begin to have a process. And that process exists because you've applied your discipline to it and you've made it repeatable. But I'm saying you have to enjoy applying the discipline to your process. And if you really enjoy it, then everything is gravy. Like for me, it's been that way in the investment business, coming up with new ideas. But you also have to believe that the creative function is the most important one. And I remember this great book I read many years ago by Albert Camus called The Rebel, which is the history of, it's not really, it's really a history of the creative power in, you know, in the West. And I guess it could be applied to the whole world, but this is, it's more of a history. It's a phenomenal book that I doubt any, I mean, very few people can make it through that book. It was a phenomenal book, but really complex. That's the stuff I used to study, so. You study history and philosophy, right? And philosophy in college. Amazing. I didn't do economics or business or math or any of that ever. I was not very good at math, actually. For some reason, I just. But you're very good with life. Well, I hope so, thank you. That's an observation that you have. I would say I'm not bad with life, but thank you. That's a very powerful ending. Thank you for that. And please come back soon. Yeah, anytime you like.