 The halving cycle is a kind of heartbeat for the Bitcoin economy and market. People learn to hold coins and not trade them. It's hard to arbitrage something which is volatile, but there's a lot of people who are looking at it from the outside who don't know a lot of the details, right? So it's obvious to us, but maybe it's not so obvious to the market. It's been, you know, a market cycle that has seen Bitcoin rise while the rest of the assets have shrunk in market share ratio. Cons of computers are still a few decades away. If nothing changes, they might be able to take lost coins or stochastic coins. What was your first reaction to the email that you received from Satoshi? If you could go back to the day when you received the email from Satoshi, knowing what you know now, you can ask him three questions. Well, I've been curious. It's a great privilege to honor our next guest, Adam Beck, an OG in the Bitcoin space. He is the co-founder of Blockstream, but equally importantly, he is cited in the original Satoshi Nakamoto white paper for Bitcoin. Adam's early work on hash cash laid the foundations for the mining process we know today and the proof of work system that we know today. He's been dubbed or perhaps considered the real Satoshi. I don't know about that, but it was a certainly interesting experience and ride getting kind of instant fame in Bitcoin relatively early on because of the hash cash connection. And I was somebody that was interested in and implemented some of the previous more centralized electronic cash systems. So suddenly became very interested in Bitcoin as well. What was your first impression, not impression, but reaction to the email that you received from Satoshi? Yes, I get a lot of emails every month or two from people using some of the information or using some of the open source source code I've implemented or using some kind of applied paper and hash cash was one of those. And so it felt like another one of those. I thought Satoshi Nakamoto is the real guy's name, developer or researcher. And so, but I was involved in the attempts to build an electronic cash system after DigiCache, the previous system had failed. And the reason it failed wasn't technological exactly, but it was because it was centralized and the central database allowed you to verify the coins were valid and the company failed. So then the coins you might have became unspendable. And so the people that were interested in electronic cash on the Cypherpunks list, the way they reacted to that is to draw lessons that electronic cash is very cool, we want to see it come back. We need to solve the decentralization problem. It centralized, it failed. So we needed a centralized solution. That's very technically challenging. Is it? Is it so but correct me if I'm wrong, but your original proof of work concept was not intended for money, right? It was for email. No, it was right. It was a kind of postage stamp. Now, what you know, that was in the context of the DigiCache system, which recently failed at that time. And so, you know, the obvious thing for the anti spam problem in a remailer context, where you don't know who's sending it would be to use electronic cash system. But given that the candidate then had failed, and there was no clear technology solution to implement a decentralized one, I tried to solve a simpler problem, which became the postage stamp. But interestingly, within a day of posting that, multiple people independently observed its potential use to solve one of the problems of a decentralized system, which is how do you get money into it? So it brought in the concepts immediately that well, you could mine it. And so Hashcash became part of the design ideas like B-Money and Bitgold in 1998, so a year later, and Healthfinity's RPo in 2004, and then of course, Bitcoin, started in 2008, when Satoshi started to email people. I have one more question before I pass it over to Bonnie. Suppose we were to live on a desert island in a complete anarchy, where there's no centralized government, where there's no governing authority, it's just we do whatever we want, but we do need some sort of medium of exchange in order to operate this society, if you want to call it that. What kind of exchange system would you need for this particular type of fixed society? Barter? Would it be coinage? You can't mint coinage because everybody has a different coin. How would that be standard unit of currency? Yeah, I mean, I think what you've seen from human history is that money evolves as sort of a natural phenomena because people want to exchange, so they can exchange in terms of IOUs, you know, like you provided me with some bread, I owe you for that, I'm producing something else, I can buy it later, but that's inefficient. So what tends to happen is people settle on a standard good that's scarce, and that's evolved over time, seashells, then gold, and now Bitcoin, I guess, it's the new improved monetary technology. So I think people look for whatever is relatively scarce in the environment, the best candidate, and they use it, they end up using it for that purpose. So on this hypothetical island, that would be what, maybe it will be some hard to find seashells that you have to spend a lot of time looking for, or, you know, some commodity like gold or something like that. And so I think Bitcoin is really... Digital seashells? Digital gold, a digital solution to that, so actually a better hard money. If Satoshi would have chosen a slow decline instead of for your having, how would that change the balance? Yeah, I mean, it's an interesting question because some parts of Bitcoin look like they could have had alternative parameters and still probably worked. And so, you know, you could certainly see a gradual, like a smooth slope of supply rather than one that's stepping every four years with half the supply, and half the fresh supply. And so I think, coincidentally, it seems that the halving cycle is a kind of heartbeat for the Bitcoin economy and market. It, you know, it does seem to continue to affect the market cycle even as a represents a smaller proportion of the coins in circulation. Now there are almost 20 million. And so the drop from, you know, six and a quarter to three and an eighth is a smaller drop. So I think how that comes to still be economically significant is over time people learn to hold coins and not trade them. And so the coins that are left, that can be a real problem, the left that can be reached in the market are shrinking in line with the, you know, the rate of supply is also shrinking. So they stay roughly in line. And that's how, you know, you can have this counterintuitive phenomena that something which is a smaller and smaller percentage versus supply still had a very noticeable effect on the market every halving. So I think, you know, it could have presumably worked without the halving, but the halving is a nice kind of economic cycle driver, it turns out. It's just amazing how the design is so perfect. You know, I remember you were talking about early days, people were not, well, people were worried about, you know, the blockchain being too transparent. And now, you know, blockstream has this liquid that tries to protect privacy. So tell me, if, well, if the original Bitcoin design is for everyone to see the transaction, is that against the law of Bitcoin? Well, I think, you know, I was, because I was familiar with the previous systems, while they were centralized, the academic cryptographers had tried to arrive at the idealized or perfect characteristics for electronic cash system. And of course, the technology wouldn't necessarily be able to meet that, but they were able to have extremely strong confidentiality and privacy of who was transacting with who. So it's really a bearer money with cryptographic assurance. And it turns out with a distributed system that cryptography doesn't work. So, you know, there are still ways to make it work, but they're far more complicated and less efficient. And so Bitcoin doesn't, you know, out of the gate use those. So, you know, I would view the fact that Bitcoin doesn't bring those properties in its initial launch, really a technological limitation and not, you know, a design intention. But, you know, that's speculation because Stoich didn't explain. But I think, you know, you can see that even in the Bitcoin paper, it's talking about, you know, transacting without a middleman and bearer kind of cash-like properties, right, which are actually better insured by these cryptographic mechanisms. It's just that they are, you know, they're harder and they're still not, you know, probably quite at the stage you'd want to deploy them on Bitcoin, which has a lot of value on them. So does that mean we'll see more and more chains that's being built that cares more about privacy? Well, I think what tends to happen is the features that, you know, become available technologically get added to Bitcoin, either directly in the base layer or in layer twos, where there are tradeoffs that don't quite make sense for the base layer. So, you know, I think Bitcoin is, you know, increasing market share. The new money coming in, you know, via the ETFs are kind of the top 10% in terms of share portfolio minus the top 1%. So just, you know, people with a portfolio that talk to their broker. So I think they're reallocating shares or gold ETFs into Bitcoin. All that money is going into Bitcoin, not into the other coins. And, you know, the institutions have professional managers and they are focused on Bitcoin as well. So I think it's been, you know, a market cycle that has seen Bitcoin rise while the rest of the assets have shrunk in market share, actually. If you could go back to the day when you received the email from Satoshi, knowing what you know now, you can ask him three questions. Well, I've been curious over time how he arrived at the solution because, you know, people had been trying to find a way to make this work in 1997, 1998 already, right? And so there's a sort of technological leap between the proof of work and the scarcity and how to have the system work without any identity, just that you work. So, you know, we understand how Bitcoin works, but it's kind of a curiosity for me how he arrived at that idea, you know, because a lot of people tried to find a solution and didn't. So that's one thing. I think there's some other curiosities like why 21 million? Why not 42 or 10 million? Oh, that's a good question. Yeah, and now I don't think there was really that much he could have done in terms of adding privacy technology into it. You know, I did notice when first looking at Bitcoin that there was a potential solution in this 1999 paper called Auditable Electronic Cash, that that was actually compatible with a decentralized system. But the coins will be quite big. And so, and it's kind of more esoteric, so maybe he didn't know about that solution, but yeah, I think it's been going very well since. And, you know, with the evolution of layer twos and the continued gradual, careful evolution of layer one to sort of add flexibility to develop more types of layer twos, things are going as well as anybody could expect, I think, better even, right? I'm surprised one of the questions is, and who are you? That's the first thing I would have asked. I mean, at the time, I thought that was his name, right? Fair enough. Yeah, I mean, of course, it is a curiosity as to who Stoichi might be. It's a kind of mystery that is, you know, behind the currency. What's your favorite theory as to who it may be? No, I don't know. It's like all of the ones that have been put forward seem to have some flaw where it's not quite believable. And so, you know, of course, I know a number of people that were interested in this area, like developers and so on, but it seems like we don't, like nobody seems to know who it is. And of course, there were people back in the mid-90s interested in privacy technology and electronic cash who were posting technical comments on a Cypherbanks cryptography list using remalers. So already there were anonymous participants. So there's some kind of precedent for that kind of way to engage. But in any case, I think it's convenient and actually valuable for Bitcoin that we don't know who the founder is because a lot of mainstream media tends to look for, you know, the CEO or the leader and have the impression that if they could just persuade that person that they could change the system to benefit their business or something like that. So now the fact that there's nobody to identify and Bitcoin is, you know, decentralized, chaotic. There's no, you know, there's no individual. You can't talk to the miners. You can't talk to the developers. You can't talk to the companies. None of them can make a change. It's really a free market type of situation where the market decides how it evolves. So I think it's convenient that we don't know who Satoshi is actually. Could it be a group of people? Because how can one person be that smart? Yeah, I mean, that's one of the theories. I think the code probably is relatively uniform and people tend to have different, there might be some kind of indications that was written by multiple people, different styles and different areas or something. So my guess is it's one person. Yeah. And also, you know, if there's a lot of people, it's hard to keep a secret. You know, one person can control information more carefully. I'm already imagining our common section would be Satoshi pretending to not know who is Satoshi. It's just one person, but it's not me. Okay. We interviewed an investor yesterday who said that the probability of Bitcoin going to zero is now pretty much impossible. Well, what if we were to hypothetically break the proof of work consensus mechanism? How would that happen? In theory? Well, the proof of work mechanism is quite robust in the sense that it's using hash functions and hash functions historically have suffered from mathematical degradations in their security properties. And then say, you know, people used to use MD5. Then there were some problems discovered in it. And applications and internet protocols switched to SHA-1 and now we're using SHA-2. Now, it's interesting to see that SHA-1, even though it had some minor problems, would still be fine for Bitcoin mining. And the reason is that if there's a small advantage, say it becomes two times as easy to mine, the difficulty just doubles. And so you've got this kind of graceful degradation phenomena. And it seems like relatively unlikely based on what's happened with previous hash function failures between MD4, MD5, SHA-1. So the history of how they have slipped on their security properties is generally gradual. So I think that it's hard to envisage the proof of work part fundamentally breaking. I think the... And you can always, in the worst case, switch to a newer hash function or something. There are some newer ones now, SHA-3, for example. But I think the mathematical risk is perhaps more on the digital signatures or the quantum risk, which people like to talk about. But I think even there, there are newer signature schemes which are secure even with quantum computers. And in my view, quantum computers are still a few decades away, quite early in their fundamentals research. So I think you could make an analog between current CPUs and GPUs with tens of billions of transistors and very early experiments with digital circuits using cathode ray tubes, like a table with a number of transistor-like electronics. So it's really very, very early days because the quantum computers, the state of the art is to factorize the number 21, i.e. what you would learn in primary school that three times seven is 21. That's the state of the art of what they can factorize. And even there, they had to cheat and not have any error correction. So the way that they sort of simulated that is they repeat the calculation 64,000 times and then see what the average, the most probable answer is. Whereas in a real factorization, you need to have to error correction as part of the system, not by repeating it because there's already a lot of work without repetition. We were talking to Mike Belshe at DAS Digital Asset Summit and he said, well, the biggest risk would be quantum computers attacking Satoshi's wallet because the big amount of Bitcoin. Right. Yeah, I mean, that is a transition question that if this happens within a couple of decades, the ecosystem will have to reach consensus on. But I think of the two outcomes that somebody with access to an expensive quantum computer at that point in a couple of decades, if nothing changes, they might be able to take lost coins or Satoshi's coins if he doesn't move them, if he's not still around. So in my mind, what would probably be the likely approach would be to introduce a quantum ready signature mechanism, say in the next decade and then they will have a decade to move ahead of that. But some people have clearly just lost their keys, right? And we don't know if Satoshi is alive or not to move them. Right. So I guess we'll find out basically. And then so I think probably the better direction would be to deprecate the to deprecate the previous system. Now, so I think the likely direction would be to deprecate the ECDSA and Schnorr signatures so that you can't spend coins in that way. So that would mean after people had had a decade to migrate to a quantum ready signature set up, they wouldn't be able to spend. And so they were effectively frozen. So it's a delicate topic because people don't want their money to be frozen. But if the alternative is economic chaos from somebody taking them, that's probably a less bad outcome. We had a gentleman here for our first day as an interviewee. He's a big big corner. And he told us that one of the reasons that he became a big corner or what convinced him to become a big corner was in the early days when the Silk Road project was shut down. The government found the server and shut that down, but they could not shut down Bitcoin, even if they had attempted to. Can you just explain to the layman who may not be very technical why a centralized authority may have failed and why that's not really technically possible today? Well, I mean, I think it's because Bitcoin is decentralized. So if you look at that DigiCast system that I mentioned in the mid 90s, there was one company operating it. So, you know, the government or the authorities could go to them and say, you know, but you couldn't in theory find every node and shut that down. Well, there's too many of them and it's also reactive. Right. So I think there are like 100,000 nodes and you don't really know from looking at the network which ones are economically active. You don't know who's running them. There's nodes on the Internet. And so people are running them for their own economic benefit, right, to validate the transactions they're doing. So, yeah, I think, you know, changing the nodes won't work because, you know, people will just start their own node. So it's sort of reactive, right? You know, if you shot one down, 10 more appear or something. And if it's so widespread, you know, 100,000 nodes or it becomes a million nodes, it's, you know, you're fighting against windmills or something. That's the thing is, right? You know, if you have a few companies, you can push them legally, you know, establishment, government, courts. But if you've got, you know, 100 million users, a million nodes, and they feel that this is their, you know, natural right to have hard money and, you know, not be interfered with, you can't really stop them ultimately. Can I just add another 200 million nodes? Then now I outnumber you. Well, I think the thing is, and that arose in the sense that at some point in Bitcoin's history, people added nodes to try and indicate support for like a fork or something. But I think the thing that is the balance is that the nodes are only really economically significant if they have a user behind them that is transacting. So, you know, what you're saying is correct that in a distributed system where you don't have identity, you have to civil attack, which means that somebody could pretend to be a thousand people or a million people. And, you know, if you have a system that's designed badly, that could confuse or overwhelm the system. But in a Bitcoin model, what matters is actually the economic nodes or the economic weight of the nodes. So if a particular node is a payment processor or an exchange, that one's carrying a lot of economic weight because they are verifying a lot of value daily. But, you know, if an individual is running a node, that's verifying the transactions that they do or their savings and that kind of thing. So it's a bit indirect, but I think those economic nodes are the more important ones than the sheer number. So most people are running it for a reason, which is, you know, they have a wallet and they're using their own node or something like that. But running a node has no financial incentive. No, you don't get paid for it. It's more of a sort of self-protective incentive. So it's a bit like a say in gold. So you receive a gold payment. You want to check the gold is, you know, authentic. It's pure gold. And so you will, you know, use some essay method or, you know, go to an expert to check the gold. In Bitcoin, the way you do that is you run a node and it tells you this is a real Bitcoin transaction where if you go through a service provider or third party, you're relying on them to do that. And so you don't really know for yourself, right? So a lot of people want to, you know, have that bit of extra security for themselves by running a node so they know they've saved their own coins. So it's that kind of the value is indirect. It's, you know, verifying your coins. And, you know, not everybody has to do that because there are, you know, hundreds of thousands of other people doing it directly and, you know, millions and millions of people doing it indirectly via different wallets and exchanges and things like that. So Bitcoin having affects the price perfectly. You can look at the chart. It looks perfect. Well, if everybody knows that, why don't people just buy early? Yeah, that's a good question. And you can see it's a kind of arbitrage rate. So I think actually the reason is a bit sophisticated, which is that it's hard to arbitrage something which is volatile. So the thought experiment I was saying is what if in a given country the government reduces the taxation on rental properties? They cut it in half, you know, to give people a month's notice. It's going to get a little bit more expensive. They're going to get cut in half. As soon as the news comes that, you know, in a month or two tax is going to be half, the resale value of rental properties will jump immediately because house prices or apartments are relatively stable pricing. Now with Bitcoin, of course, everybody knows there's a halving coming at a date, you know, actually a few years in advance, right? So let's say it's six months before the halving. Why don't people arbitrage that? And I think the reason is that, you know, if they are not Bitcoin exposed, they're trying to do it on a dollar basis, they could see that it might have an impact on the price. But the timing is a bit uncertain. You know, the price tends to move a bit after the halving. And, you know, let's say they think they can make a 50% profit from this if they do it right. They might be worried that, you know, they buy it, but the price is moving around at 40% volatility per year. So they might lose the 50%. And so they'd have that uncertainty, right? So I think that volatility makes it harder to, you know, to arbitrage that event you can see is coming because normally markets try to price things in as soon as the information is known and information is priced in. So I think it's a good question. And I think the volatility is something to do with why it doesn't get priced in. I think another reason can be that we know about the halving, but there's a lot of people who are looking at it from the outside who don't know a lot of the details, right? So it's obvious to us, but maybe it's not so obvious to the market. You know, you would think how could somebody hold Bitcoin and not know about the halving, but they probably do. And, you know, they're looking at the financial news shows, which, you know, are getting more sophisticated in their commentary these days. But going back a few years, they would sort of look at Bitcoin news and draw like the wrong market conclusion for it. And then, you know, people who are kind of sitting on the outside look at their news and react to it and sort of create market opportunities for people who understood the market better. Don't share this interview. Don't spoil our secrets. Keep markets inefficient for the people who do know. That's your conclusion? Yes. Well, I would like to move on to the future of finance that runs on Bitcoin, which is coincidentally the name of your panel that you did, or not panel, but the keynote speech that you did here at the Bitcoin Las Vegas Conference. Tell us about the future of finance. Well, I think it's an interesting time for the next wave of Bitcoin adoption, which is the early stages of the institutions, the easier access to the Bitcoin market by the ETFs. For a lot of people, the way they deal with their investments is they call their broker or financial advisors. The ETFs give them a way to do that. You see the early stages of fund managers allocating Bitcoin into diversified funds. Most recently, BlackRock made a recommendation for a 2% allocation to a diversified portfolio. But I think the proportion of managed funds in Bitcoin is still extremely low. So I think that's yet to happen. They have a kind of careful methodical process about how they would bring something to market. So it might take some months before they actually act on it and start to make it available to different segments of their investor clients. Then I think the other thing that's evolving is Bitcoin, the asset class, in terms of its technological handling, is starting to interface to traditional finance. So one way it does that is via custodians. So we see more institutional level custodians come in. Blockstream made an investment in... Blockstream Capital Partners made an investment in Commedia, which is an institutional grade custodian for that reason. And the recent regulatory improvements in the US make it easier for the larger established custodians of shares and bonds to actually enter the Bitcoin custody market. So they're not in market yet, but the regulatory hurdle that made it difficult for them is now lifted. And so that might be another way that it makes it easier in the future for managed funds to participate in Bitcoin because they'll be able to do it via a custodian that they already work with, let's say. And then the other part of it is using Bitcoin layer twos like Liquid, which are sort of bringing the bearer, settlement, and simple smart contract advantages of the Bitcoin network, which is the most robust of the networks available. Right? So I think it's sort of showing that Bitcoin can be an internet for money, but also an internet for assets. And so on Liquid, we have a number of different assets, about 3.3 billion. Now, one of the newer additions is securitized shares, which are interesting to Bitcoin, are so kind of crossover assets, so namely the treasury companies, so far MicroStrategy and MetaPlanet, but more in the future. And what happens there is, you know, there is a custodian that holds the underlying shares. The token you're buying is a security, so you have to enroll in order to buy it and receive it in a wallet. A recent phenomenon on Liquid is the introduction of crossover assets, so shares that are Bitcoin correlated in some way. And so the first two, obviously MicroStrategy, being the first major treasury company in a public company format, and then also MetaPlanet more recently. And the interesting thing, you know, it's a security, so you have to enroll to be able to buy it and to transact it in a wallet. You could hold it in a wallet. It's a very Bitcoin-like experience on the Liquid network, you know, with seeds, and you can sort of pay somebody, you know, a hundredth of a MicroStrategy share to sell a lunch bill. That's around $4, let's say, $375. $4. And you can also trade in a 24 by 7 market, sort of OTC non-custodial market. And this market is actually Bitcoin-denominated. And on a weekend, it can achieve, you know, it's achieved a similar volume to the Frankfurt ADR on MicroStrategy, but it's the only market that's open, and it's Bitcoin-denominated, which is an interesting way to trade the treasury shares. It's, in effect, a kind of Bitcoin basis, a relative value trade where you're looking at, you know, the relative value between Bitcoin and a treasury company so that you might buy it when the MNAV, like the market cap compared to the net asset value of the Bitcoin they hold, is low, and then sell it later when it's higher and buy back Bitcoin at a higher price. And where your objective is to increase slightly the amount of Bitcoin that you had before you went into the trade. So you can see that this market is a bit one-sided. There are clearly Bitcoin traders in there, but there's a bit of variation. And, you know, even for traditional investors who are not looking at this trade on a Bitcoin basis, it's a 24 by 7 market. So it fills in some of the gaps where, you know, you've got, particularly with the Japanese one from Europe, that, you know, that market starts at 2 AM. That's quite difficult to interact with. And some of these markets have market halts. So the Japanese market is generally halting when the price gets, moves more than 15% of the day. And so you've seen a sort of difference in price between the US ADR for MetaPlanet from the Japanese market. And so, you know, a 24 by 7 market can help smooth that out and give more global access. I think sometimes people find it difficult to get access to shares on markets outside the jurisdiction. I'm just wondering, what does your day look like? Because you know everything. That's a lot of fun. Too many toys to play with, right? So I'm quite interested in trading and investment from the mid 90s. So Bitcoin presented, you know, as well as a kind of technical interest in electronic cash. I'd say those previous electronic cash systems were more what we would call stable coins today. You know, people were expecting to be able to, if they got deployed, to be able to wire money in, get some electronic money in euros or dollars or what have you, transact that in a bearer form online and eventually be able to cash that in, you know, back into a bank account where Bitcoin is more of a gold competitor. So it has an investment component. And of course, the adoption story as it gains use is what's driving it. I think eventually it will reach full adoption. We don't know where that will be. What does full adoption look like? So I think the one target is gold and gold values are quite high at the moment because of the macro hedge phenomena where governments will buy gold in times of uncertainty. And so but even there with the current Bitcoin price level, it's within about a factor of nine of reaching the gold market cap. And then the larger addressable market for monetary premiums in different assets like housing. There's a lot of monetary premium there where people will buy an apartment and not use it, not even rent it out just as an investment vehicle, right? So you see a lot of underused housing premium in the housing sector in different countries and obviously premium in shares in the stock markets and bonds and other forms of alternative assets. And so how Finney actually estimated that to be 200 trillion. And surprisingly, he did this in like I think 10th of January 2009 before there were any transactions in any market value. So it's quite a kind of forward looking estimate. But it seems to be still considered a reasonable estimate of the size of that addressable market. Now, we don't know how much of that Bitcoin will capture. So there's a bit of conjecture there. But it seems logical that if the institutional adoption continues and the retail interest continues, that Bitcoin could get there. Let's talk about that prediction. So that was a long time ago. And I'm assuming people were shocked at that number back then. Well, right. It was very fanciful because there were no users. I think he received the first transaction ever from Stochi. And I think that was, I'm not sure if he got that transaction before he made that comment or after. But it may was even before he got that transaction. I believe he got it in block nine. So probably he sent this comment after he received the transaction. So this is just what we learned afterwards, right? I wasn't paying attention during this time. January 09. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean, it was such a wild prediction that I think people would look at that as a kind of imagination hypothetical, right? Because I think the probability that the network would catch on, users would use it, and a price would form that there would be venues, exchange platforms you could trade it on. Those were all years away at that point. In fact, there's a lot of uncertainty whether it would get there. I don't have a question that could top that. Let's end it here. That was a great end to the conversation. Thank you very much, Adam. Dr. Beck, pleasure meeting you. Thanks for having me on. Such a great chat. Thanks.