 Nobody wants another old white bald guy in a blue suit and Louboutin sneakers trying to convince you of a version of the world that you know in your heart is wrong. Think the world is sick of that. And to be honest, everything that you see around you was invented and made by someone no greater than you. And the notion that there are some more important people than others that are in the White House that decide how much money should be worth to all of us is a bunch of crap. The US government, for all intents and purposes, in practical terms, is broke. What are the different ways governments can put money? I think Bitcoin is the best expression of currency debasement. It's the best way to short the dollar. We're saying, hey, China, take a bunch of your profits and give it to us. So you're making less and we're making more. That's a way to create more balance. China will then have less trade surplus to dump into the NASDAQ, to dump into the stock market, to dump into nice real estate. It'll allow the financial assets in America and the real estate and the farmland to become more affordable for the lower class. When you say all these stocks being more affordable, that means the market needs to go down. Yeah. The biggest challenge for the US utility is to provide something like the dollar is the most widely used utility token in the world. It has six billion daily active users, yet none of us are using it to build and store wealth. So why would I own Ethereum to build your store wealth? We're back at the Bitcoin Las Vegas Conference. The biggest Bitcoin conference in the world. And joining us today is Jack Mahler, CEO of Strike and co-founder and CEO of 21 Capital. I'm David Lin. Bonnie Chay. We've had the pleasure, both of us, of interviewing you as soon as you came out of 21 Cap. So congrats. 21 is doing great. We'll get updates on 21. We'll get updates on Strike. So thank you for being the first long form interview for us. So people can check out that interview for the first update links down below. I want to get your personal story to becoming a Bitcoiner. So your mother set up a series of meetings for you or not just for you, but just in general, you were there. You met who you believe to be the goat of Bitcoin and Anopolis. Tell us about that meeting, why that changed your life. Yes. Well, first of all, thanks for having me. I'm a fan of you both. You guys should know that. Thank you. Nice to be here in person. Yeah. My Bitcoin story, my dad got me into Bitcoin. He got me and my stepmother into Bitcoin. So he registered the Bitcoin mom Twitter handle, my stepmom. And I had just dropped out of college and he was like, Hey, listen here, buddy. I just lost about 30 grand sending you to school and you didn't learn anything. So you're going to get into this Bitcoin thing with me, whether you like it or not. And it turned out I liked it a lot. And the story you're referencing, my stepmom started the very first Bitcoin meetup in Chicago. It was at my house. I came home from coding bootcamp and Andreas Antonopoulos was in my living room and with, I don't know, seven or eight other people and saying a lot of what we talk about on this podcast, talking about how Bitcoin can empower humanity and how it is a continuation of the human story of engineering a better world. And I was like, Whoa, who's this guy? And I took my backpack off and I sat there and I listened. And then 13 years later, here I am, David, talking to you. Your dad was an OG Bitcoiner. So he worked at the well, you can give us his background, but he was a futures broker and he bought Bitcoin, I believe 2010, 2013. I wish he bought it in 2010. Yeah, late 2012, early 2013. Yeah. But what got him into it? Because he came from TradFi. Yeah. Well, so my grandfather was the youngest ever chairman of the Chicago Board of Trade. He actually signed the check to start the CBO. And now there's the CME as well. But very early pioneer in what I would describe the difference between Chicago and New York. You know, New York, a Chicago market folks have sometimes not the nicest thing to say about Wall Street culture. Wall Street's great. They're necessary financial capital markets of the world. But you know, that's Wolf of Wall Street, penny stocks, insider trading, Chicago. What my grandfather held pioneer was the agriculture commodity derivatives market. This was risk transfer for the commodities that you and I eat. Yeah. So what we eat, soybeans, is how do we take the risk away from the corn farmer that's got to produce the corn and transfer that risk into an efficient market and build products like a futures contract or an options contract. And so very much pioneered that that's a Midwestern financial market. That's the Chicago markets. My favorite story about my grandfather is the Hunt brothers who went on to try and corner the silver market. They tried to corner that market in Chicago. My grandfather was the chairman at the time. And he said, you're not going to do unethical financial market activity here. If you want to pull off that nonsense, you got to go to New York. So they did. But Chicago is very cultured, ethical principle. And they had built a lot of these markets with their hands. And they actually, not only my father, but Don Wilson, Cumberland, DRW, a lot of those jump trading, a lot of these Chicago prop firms, trading firms, high frequency firms got Bitcoin first. And so it was around then when they all, everyone in Chicago was building positions. And then in 2013, I had just dropped out of college. If I have a minute more, I'll tell you guys my favorite. You got all the time in the world for us. So my favorite story of my father, when Bitcoin really clicked for us and for him was after Silk Road was busted. And it's not, it's a counterintuitive story, but I love telling it because so Silk Road, for those that don't know the famed dark web drug marketplace, right? And it was the first supposed free market and you could buy and sell all sorts of drugs and had access to total human free trade globally. And it used Bitcoin as an anonymous currency that credit card networks can stop. Now the reason that this was such an aha moment for my dad, and he sat me down and explained it to me is like the government was able to shut down Silk Road, but not through Bitcoin. They tried to censor the currency. They tried to shut down the Bitcoin network. They tried to control it and they couldn't. They shut down Silk Road because they found the server. And so while everyone was mistaking this story as a drug bust, I saw it as a real proof of concept that the FBI, the CIA, the US government could not, if their life depended on it, stop this thing. And if they couldn't do it now, they're not going to be able to do it later. And that means there's only going to be 21 million. And it was after that moment where we were like, oh crap. And since then it's been like all hands on deck, get as much as you can, digital gold rush. And that was the first real proof of concept where we realized like, whoa, this thing cannot be changed by anyone. Doesn't matter how powerful you are. And there were stories like that. Shortly after that was the Cyprus crisis in Greece and Bitcoin reacted really favorably during that crisis. And we had seen these smaller but meaningful iterations of Bitcoin facing adversity and really powerful, powerful, whether it was governments or agencies, and no one can get in its way. And so that was a lot of my, I was 18. That was my Bitcoin journey. But you come from a Tredfy family. So before Bitcoin, you probably trusted the market and the old financial system because that's what we were taught. Kind of. I actually, I know that that probably seems reasonable, but it's not true. The way my dad described to me as Bitcoin is the best expression of currency debasement. It's the best way to short the dollar. He's always talked to me about this portfolio that he's been trying to build, which is short dollar. He owns historically real estate as a way of short dollar exchange stock. So owning the CME stock, owning the Chicago board of trade stock. The reason that that is short dollars, because if you live in a currency debasement era, everyone's a speculator, whether they know it or not. So exchanges are great businesses because everyone needs to buy a stock, buy a bond, buy something to avoid getting debased and things inflated out of their life. And now Bitcoin. And he's always described to me as building a short dollar portfolio because these guys, these old finance guys, they lived through the divorce of the gold standard. They lived through the 2008 financial crisis. So anyone really in tune in financial markets has seen the government get too big, seen regulators step in and bias Wall Street, bail out banks. And so yes, I come from traditional financial markets, but the financial markets my grandfather was founding were traditionally freer markets, far lesser sized government. We were still on a gold standard. And so I think a lot of the latest iteration of the financial system today, I would say some of the Chicago guys have taken personally and that's why they've taken an akin to Bitcoin of finally I got something that a regulator can't walk into my office and debase and print more of and take out of my hands. You were talking about printing money yesterday on your live stream and when a regular person here money printing, they think of this physical money being print, but it's not. Break it down for us. What are the different ways governments can print money? Yeah. Well, so I think for the layman's person on the street, what they need to understand is the United States as the world reserve currency issuer, structurally has to operate in what's called a deficit. So if you were to think of the U S as a business operating trade, it posts huge losses. It does it unprofitably. So if you have a business that's constantly losing money, how does it afford its bills? Well, it needs people to lend it money to continue to perpetuate its services. So the government actually gets money lent to it in the form of these bonds, treasuries market. And so when you buy a 10 year, you're actually lending money to the government and they're paying you an interest for the money that you're giving them so that they can continue to finance and operate the U S government. And the biggest problem that the U S government has right now is that no one's willing to lend it money anymore. Right? The deal was, Hey, China will allow you guys to operate in this trade surplus, which has now reached a trillion dollars annually. You will take then that cashflow. You don't reinvest it back into your economy because it'll strengthen your local currency. What you need to do is buy dollar based assets. The dollar based assets we want you to buy are these treasuries. So we're going to allow you to operate in the surplus. We're going to print you this money and give it to you in return. You're going to lend it back to us. But that deal is long gone, especially after the 2008 financial crisis, China and other trade partners were like, screw this. I'm not keeping my purchasing power by holding the dollar and buying these treasuries. And so what the U S government and specifically the treasury secretary, whether it's secretary Yellen now Besant doesn't matter. We're living in a fiscal dominant era where the treasury has to find a way for the U S government to sustain itself and finance itself given that no one wants to lend to it. So it's an increasing amount of debt. The U S government for all intents and purposes in practical terms is broke. It needs someone to lend it money to keep going and it can't find those lenders. So an example of printing money without actually printing the currency, as you mentioned, is like the change of the supplemental leverage ratio where banks can use unlimited amounts of leverage to buy bonds, which is lend the government money. So unlimited amounts of leverage that is establishing buying power with currency that you don't actually have. Like leverage, if you have unlimited amount of leverage, you're allowed to borrow as much money without any physical constraints, without posting any collateral, without having to prove the work to access the leverage in the first place. So things like treasury buybacks, things like the supplemental leverage ratio, things like bringing Franny Mac in our frame and frame Mac out of a government control and as a private business again, these are all sneakier ways to quote unquote print money, which is provide liquidity to the market specifically to help the treasury's market specifically to find dollars that lend to the United States to allow them to continue to finance themselves. How does Tara fit in this picture or is it a complete different story? No, no, not at all. So the problem, and by the way, this is bipartisan. I know that people associate not only Bitcoin, but a lot of economic efforts as Republican Democrat left, right? The bipartisan effort is this, is that the US deficits are unsustainable. The reason, and we had talked about this on our last show is this goes all the way back to the world wars in that post-world wars, US took on the world reserve currency issuer. And as we mentioned within that you take on deficits and you allow other countries to produce things for you. So you print dollars and you ship those dollars out. In return, you get food, oil, energy, my iPhone, this microphone probably not produced here in the United States of America. What does that do to your country? Well, one, it disables your ability to produce anything because you've delegated and outsourced making phones, microphones, food, energy, gas, all of that to other trade partners throughout the world. It also destroys your middle class because as everyone else gets a trade surplus and they reinvest that capital back into dollar based assets, they're buying the stocks, they're buying the real estate, they're buying the farmland. And so asset holders are getting perpetually wealthier through some type of artificial strength in dollar and dollar based assets because China's trade surplus is being poured right back into the mag seven, into Manhattan penthouses, into the most pristine farmland. And so the ultra rich are getting wealthier and the ultra poor are exceedingly getting further away from being able to acquire the life that they want to live. So this is bipartisan in America is that this isn't sustainable. And the real question that no one's saying out loud is, is being the world reserve currency actually in our interest anymore? And it's gotten so bad that it's become a national security threat. So you can debate whether this has eroded the middle class, whether this has eroded our ability to manufacture stuff, but to look at a stat to say close to 80% of us weapons need China to help produce. Now it's a national security threat. Now it doesn't matter what you think about economics. It doesn't matter what you think about the dollar. This is national security. And that's where we are as a country. Tariffs are a way to try and bring back balance, bring back balance, meaning heightening our deficits so that we're not losing as much money in shrinking China's surplus. So in very layman's terms, we're saying, Hey, China, take a bunch of your profits and give it to us. So you're making less and we're making more. That's a way to create more balance. China will then have less trade surplus to dump into the NASDAQ, to dump into the stock market, to dump into nice real estate. It'll allow the financial assets in America and the real estate and the farmland to become more affordable for the lower class. Right. And start to fix some of these problems. Now Trump has since pivoted greatly. Tariffs didn't work. They're now onto capital controls, which achieve a similar thing. But at the end of the day, it's, we're trying to unwind from an old monetary regime, which was set up after the world wars, which was America is going to be the world deserve currency because they have the most gold because they had the strongest manufacturing base. But if you compound this over a hundred years, this is very irrational, unnatural economic behavior. You cannot print pieces of paper and ship them all over the world to get real stuff in return. Eventually, people don't want your paper anymore. Eventually, people don't want to lend you money anymore. Eventually China owns. It's fun and games when China's like, sure, we'll run this trade surplus and buy the 10 year treasury. It's not that funny when China's like, sure, we'll make a trillion dollars a year off you. And then we own Apple, we own Google, we own the nicest houses, we own all the farmland. Then it's not that funny. So that's where we are today. And the question now is what next? When you say all these stocks being more affordable, that means the market needs to go down. Yeah. And is that a good thing? I think so. Listen, you know, I can fix the US's problem in give me a day. The problem is the currency. Now how politically palatable is the solution? That's what we're struggling with and what Trump has to figure out. But the reality is if you really wanted to solve the problem, the problem is the currency. The dollar is artificially strong because of its world reserve status. Dollar based assets are artificially strong because of its world reserve status, meaning we print dollars, we ship them all over the world. Countries give us other stuff in return. Now they have all these dollars. They have to do something with the dollars. They cannot reinvest them locally. It'll ruin their export business. So they puke them back into America. So American exceptionalism and a really strong NASDAQ that never goes down has been entirely funded by countries like China. And so if Trump's new mandate, which the American first investment policy, which came out in February, Trump said, basically take your money and go home, get out of the market. When you saw a dollar down, bonds down, stocks down, usually it's stocks down, but bonds do well because it's a flight to safety. Right. So when you see a dollar down, stocks down, bonds down, what does that mean? That means America's are capital's leaving the country. That means money's leaving America. Trump's mandate to China and other trade partners is get your money out of the country. These things need, the dollar has to get weaker. Now Scott Besson and Trump won't say we want a weaker dollar. What will they say? China needs to strengthen their currency. We need to find some equilibrium. They're using words that, you know, that's not the Trump. The Trump brand isn't weak. Right. He would never say I need a weaker dollar and we need to question the reserve status of the dollar. He would never say that, but that's what we're talking about. I can fix this problem by saying we're going back on a gold slash Bitcoin standard. We're going to, all your dollars are redeemable for either gold or Bitcoin and we're not the world's reserve currency anymore. We're going to settle in a neutral reserve asset. Boom. China, I think if you look at the amount of gold China imported over the last year versus their trillion dollar trade surplus, if an ounce of gold was worth $20,000, China ran budget neutral. So in my opinion, the way to solve this is move back to neutral reserve asset. No one should be the world reserve currency issuer because it's a death curse. There's the Triffin dilemma. You can't have a middle class. You can't manufacture. You run in deficits. You create wealth gaps. You destroy the fabric of your country. And so that's the solution. The question is, can they get away with it in a way that's politically palatable that doesn't cause civil unrest in the country? That's the reality we're living through right now. They can tax the foreigners. I heard that if you tax foreign investment in US 2%, then the locals don't need to pay income tax. Yeah. So what they're trying to do, so again, you're trying to correct this global imbalance. And if tariffs aren't going to work, which clearly they're not, and it was too aggressive. And I think what the Trump administration didn't realize is they didn't have as much leverage as they thought one week after liberation day, whereas in America, I felt, oh, so liberated the treasury market malfunctioned and fell apart and financial authorities had to step in. And so that is when Besant, Trump, Powell realized they don't have the leverage in negotiations in a trade war with China that they thought they did. And you saw this extreme pivot where it's like, oh, we put on a pause. Let's give it 90 days. And now the pivot is to capital controls. And what capital controls are is it trying to achieve effectively the same thing. Trump has flirted with a 30% withholding tax on foreigners assets. Meaning if you do own Google stock, if you do own luxurious real estate in America, if you own farmland, we're going to tax you 30% or there's a proposal, like you mentioned, 2%. Whatever it is, it's discouraging foreign capital. If you saw Harvard recently came out with a press release that hit the wire that said, we're not allowing foreigners to enroll students and pay us anymore. Well, that's Trump's administration blocking them. Yes. Now Harvard's suing them back. Yeah. Yes. But the thing is foreign capital isn't even good for an education anymore. That is take, get your money out of our country. And this is a way of saying, yes, you have a surplus of dollars, but they are no longer good here. By the way, those are fighting words. You cannot print and give me a trillion dollars and not allow me to put them anywhere. If what you're saying is a functionally, you have to put them in the 10 year treasury, but treasury Scott Besson is saying my focus right now is to make sure GDP is growing faster than the debt. That's a very fancy way of saying in real terms, rates are negative. You're not going to retain purchasing power holding the 10 year. And by the way, if you own all these other assets, I'm going to tax the heck out of you. But the one thing Trump did not tariff, gold. The one thing he's made sure to set a strategic reserve for and promote Bitcoin. And so to me, in so many words, he's saying stop buying our stocks, stop buying our land, stop buying our real estate, stop artificially strengthening the dollar, stop artificially strengthening assets in this country. By the way, you could buy the 10 year, but we're actually going to allow the banking system to highly lever themselves to solve that problem. I wouldn't own it. You'll be negative in real terms. Buy gold, buy Bitcoin. And then I think at some point in this administration over the next five years, we will see a transition where you'll start seeing global trade settled or at least priced in an asset that isn't the dollar. Well, let's shift gears now and talk about the banking sector. Last time you were on our show, we had asked you about when traditional financial institutions like banks would catch up to strike, would catch up to, you know, your company about in regards to transactioning in Bitcoin. Now, JP Morgan, since then, JP Morgan chief Jamie Diamond has issued a statement and I quote, he says, we are going to allow you to buy it. Quoting Diamond, he said it referring to Bitcoin. We're not going to custody it. We're going to put it in statements for clients. So a little step towards that direction. What is the larger trend? I think this is really exciting. I think a lot of the financial services innovation for our industry has lived outside of the United States of America because I think businesses like Coinbase and Kraken have lived within this sort of regulatory moat where if you think about it, the most innovative product that makes the most money in our space for 10 years running is just buying Bitcoin. There has no one's figured out lending, which we could talk about, which I'm trying to do. No one has figured out deeply embedded financial services that add functional utility to the asset class because I don't think these businesses have had to. Coinbase, Kraken, these businesses, which are, you know, it's not personal, it's all business, but they've had really cozy positions that no one can compete with them. It takes a lot of license, a lot of capital, a lot of friends in Washington, D.C. So I think this is all good is that the industry is starting to see more domestic competition. I think it's great. Like, you know, Coinbase has been charging people to buy Bitcoin four and a half percent for 10 years. If Jamie Dimon starts allowing you to buy Bitcoin out of your Chase account for a fraction of a basis point, I'm sure Coinbase is going to have to start innovating. So I view it as, you know, competition breeds innovation. At Strike personally, you know, we're prepared for that. That's why we've launched global products. That's why we've gotten into lending. We want to continue to lead as a financial services provider to provide functional utility to Bitcoiners. But I see it as America catching up as far as innovation. The broader trend, like I really, I really urge the United States of America to do for Bitcoin what they did with the Internet. With the Internet, they really just said, hey, listen, don't harm people. Don't steal from people. Besides that, no rules. Create the future. And we did. Are you surprised that you say that he's not going to custody it? No, I think they'll get there. I do think that there's just so much bureaucracy that lives. I mean, at Strike, we have less than 100 employees. And one of the main reasons is it allows us to move fast, have the culture we want. We don't get attracted to the notion of having a big office with a ton of people. And so I think there's so much bureaucracy. These things move slower than you think. It might take a decade for Chase Bank to fully figure out how Bitcoin works, what they're strategy is to offer a slew of vertical financial services. But the fact that they can come out and say, we're interested and we're going to start with the one that everyone loves, which is buying it. I think that's huge because it sends a signal to an industry that hasn't had to really compete that much. And so we're all going to have to innovate a lot. And I'm excited about that. On strike loans, you give users a 24 hours heads up to add more collateral. Yeah. Was this from a user's feedback? Or do people usually mess up during a crash or a dip or a correction? Yeah. So for our lending, so our lending product allows you to borrow against Bitcoin. So it's like a home equity loan. You own an asset that's scarce and desirable. You don't want to sell it. Bitcoin, for example, is compounding. It's over 60% a year on average over the last 10 years. So you don't want to get rid of that unless you have to. So what if you can get borrow some cash against it? And that's the product that we're offering. And we offer the product at 50% LTV, which is important, meaning you can only take half of the value out of the Bitcoin in cash. We do that because the asset's so volatile and we're trying to protect customers. If I let you take 100% in cash out and then Bitcoin dipped a little bit, well, then you're underwater. And so you start at 50% LTV. And as that LTV grows towards 100%, we start to issue you alerts and say, hey, you might want to pay attention. And then at some point, what we call a margin call is, hey, you've reached a level that is too scary for us. And you have 24 hours to just deposit a little bit more Bitcoin and we give those instructions. And again, this is just because we aren't in the business of our customers don't really speculate. We do offer buy and sell, but we're predominantly buy side our customers, our customers we consider Bitcoiners. And we aren't in the business of highly speculative trading options. That's not us. These are financial services and we don't want to liquidate customers. And a lot of our customers are taking loans out to start a business, to finance some medical emergency, to put a down payment on a home, to do things that are good for the world. And I think that's great. And so the product is built around trying to protect them in what is a highly volatile asset. But we've talked about on the show volatility breeds performance. And so if you want the performance Bitcoin gives you, you have to find a way to deal with the volatility. And so in the product, we do our best. Paint me this future where we just use Bitcoin in our everyday lives. What would it look like? I'll tell you about my everyday life. Go ahead. So I don't own any dollars. You guys know that. You know what's funny, David, one of the most famed clips, sometimes I'll open my Instagram account and I'll just see my face of me on your show talking about the fact that I don't own any dollars. So I appreciate that clip. But we've talked about this. I don't own any dollars. The way I do it is I get my paychecks direct deposited and converted to Bitcoin. I spend on credit cards. So the credit card is a great product because I get to spend dollars that ever have haven't owned them. And then I use the lending product. So the way I use it personally is I borrow against my Bitcoin to avoid having to sell it. I borrow maybe anywhere between like one to five percent of my total stack. So you know, short term cash expenses. But then in that way, I'm getting paid in Bitcoin, I'm spending on credit. And then to finance, I have to pay my credit card bill. I have to pay my H.O.A. I have to pay my taxes. And when I need cash, I just borrow against my Bitcoin, get the cash the way our lending product has two forms and facets. One is monthly interest payments like a traditional loan. The other is what we call payment at maturity. So you don't actually pay us monthly. You owe us the principal plus the interest at the end of the term. So every year. And so what I do is I take out this rolling loan when I need cash. And then at the end of the year, I take out a new loan, pay off the existing loan, and I keep going. And obviously, I only borrow against a small amount of my Bitcoin stack because if Bitcoin dips, I can go add more collateral. I'm never in a position in my life where I'm over levered and I need Bitcoin to be a certain price or else my life falls apart. But I now have established a life where I get paid in Bitcoin. I only hold Bitcoin. I never have to sell my Bitcoin. And I just yes, the loan is whatever eight, nine, 10, 11 percent. But Bitcoin is going up 50, 60 percent on average. And so as long as its CAGR is above the interest rate to borrow, then I'm running like a perpetual short dollar trade and it feels pretty good. Yes, that would that would necessitate the interest rate staying low. If it if if let's say we get a return to the 80s, for example, we get double digit ten year yield. Would that change your life? If the 10 year yield went to 80 percent, I think Bitcoin would probably be worth like a million. All right. So I had a headline right there. Yeah, I would I would I would happily take that. Yeah, I mean, so the most difficult thing about sourcing capital for Bitcoiners to borrow against their Bitcoin is if you understand Bitcoin, you'd rather just own it and get the 60 percent CAGR than any fixed rate. But we've been able to do that and source that capital. And if the rate goes up, I mean, really at the end of the day, if you have a long term time horizon, as long as the compound annual growth rate of the asset is over the cost to borrow it, it's mathematically a good idea. And so that gap. So part of the announcement that I'm here to make at the conference is we're going to be able to offer single digit loans of material size up to a billion dollars. So the president of El Salvador wanted a loan against their Bitcoin. I could finance that. And at a single digit, when we're getting closer and closer to mortgage rates and really what's the collateral they have to post Bitcoin. OK, that's it. And the coolest part about the product, no credit checks. One of our early customers called me and said, hey, you know, this is where I went to school. Trust me, I'm a good guy. I'm married. No, no, no, man, you misunderstand the product. Bitcoin is like liquid land, digital land. You just deposit into the app and you just take the cash out and immediately put it in your Chase account. Like I don't need to approve you for anything. It's the quickest way a business could get a multimillion dollar loan. And so you deposit Bitcoin into the app, you tell me how much cash you want. It's immediately in your Chase account in seven seconds and you go live your life. And it's such it's such a mind boggling product that you can own the best performing thing with the thing that I think people misunderstand, like a Peter Schiff, as they say, Bitcoin has no cash flow. Yeah. Right. So like like a home equity loan. Yeah, but I can rent it out on Airbnb and pay the interest that way. You know, I would make the argument that every single asset has cash flow. There's two forms of cash flow. There's issuer cash flow, like a bond has cash flow because the issuer is paying you interest. Right. But then there's seller cash flow where Bitcoin has cash flow. I just have to sell it to get the cash. If I bought a Bitcoin for $50 and it's $100,000 now, I could sell it for $100,000. I get $100,000 of the cash flow. The problem with assets that you own, like the house you live in or Bitcoin, you have to sell the asset to get the cash. What if I can provide you liquidity for your Bitcoin without having to sell it? That's the unlock. And what you realize is the VOC that ran global trade in the six hundreds did this against their ships and their land. This is how Manhattan was built. Early Manhattan real estate and land, no one sold it when they had a medical emergency or when they wanted to get married. They borrowed against it when they wanted to build a bar on their land. This is what, you know, Tesla put restrictions on how much Elon Musk could borrow against his shares because he doesn't own a pile of dollars. So the way, if you have scarce desirable assets and you can afford to keep them, then find a way to get liquidity by borrowing against them. And Bitcoin has yet to have this market in a reliable way. And this is the type of financial services that I think competition breeds this level of innovation of like, if you want to add to Bitcoin's utility, this to us at Stripe was just like a very obvious way. If I am this Bitcoin treasury company and I want to deposit my Bitcoin on your platform and take out, you know, loan and buy more Bitcoin, I want to know what you do with my Bitcoin. Nothing, which is a very important piece of the product. So traditionally other folks in the Bitcoin space, what they would do is they would get deposits and then they would go lend those out or go and reinvest those. Like that's what Sam Bakeman Fried did. And you blow up that way. For us, there's no yield. One of the biggest parts of the product is Stripe is an immensely profitable company. We're small, we're lean, we're focused. We're not, you know, going on cruises with Bill Clinton or whatever that kid was doing at the time. It's here's the product. You deposit Bitcoin. It sits right here on the blockchain. And actually in a future iteration that's coming out in a month or two is where you can see it. Now part of the beauty of Bitcoin is the cryptographic proof. And so you deposit the Bitcoin, it sits right here. It never moves. It's your collateral for the duration of your loan. And we make money just on the interest. And there's no yield. We're not a fancy business. We're not this massive company that stretched thin between 300 different coins. We are very good at selling ethical, high functioning Bitcoin financial services. And that's one of the many reasons we're very, very different than something that's existed before is keep it simple. Have you ever been interested in any altcoins? No. Never. Never. That's interesting because the normal journey of a person getting into crypto would be hey, I learned about Bitcoin and then there's this shinier thing for the moment and then I'm distracted. But why is yours not like that? Well I think if you put yourself back into the time where I was coming home to my living room to Andreas Antonopoulos and back in those days, that's when all of those altcoins were being created. So like think about joining Bitcoin before Ethereum existed. I was there when Vitalik sold some pre-sale ETH to my stepmom at a conference like this. Vitalik was like, hi, my name's Vitalik and I'm working on this new project. Would you want to support us by buying some Ethereum? And my stepmom was like, sure, sweetie, you seem like a nice kid. And that's a true story. And so when I got to kind of before these things got so big and had such marketing engines behind them and all these narratives of DeFi or NFTs or ICOs or whatever next load of crap, I was there. And I saw that these things weren't technically sound. I didn't understand the value accrual narrative. Like the notion that utility is to provide something like the dollar is the most widely used utility token in the world. It has six billion daily active users, yet none of us are using it to build and store wealth. So why would I own Ethereum to build or store wealth? So I just saw them all be created. Would you just mean to say every single piece of utility built on alts can be built on the dollar? No, my point is that the rhetoric that you hear is, well, these things are going to become so useful to society that that's why the price is going to go up is because they're so useful. But the dollar is really useful to the world, but its price doesn't necessarily go up. In my opinion, being a store of value, a price in any market is simply a function of supply and demand. And so if you build something with a restrictive supply and you allow the demand to compete in a free market, that's what drives price up. And so this notion that Ethereum, it was always going to be the world computer or going to be the art platform of the world. Or I've been, David, I've been around for all of them. None of them have ever come true. But again, I struggle to find what is the value accrual narrative outside of rampant speculation as we live through very active debasement of the world reserve currency. So outside of that, I still don't understand the narrative. And I wouldn't be surprised if Tether flipped Ethereum's market cap at this point. I think it's flipped every other altcoin besides Ethereum's. Well, let's talk about that. That was a smooth transition, brother. That's why you're a professional. You guys fuel the inspiration. On 21, give us an update on 21. Paolo's a co-founder along with SoftBank, Bitfinex. Yeah. So, I mean, we're doing great. I had mentioned on the show we're in what's called the approval process. So we filed that is going along swimmingly, just making sure that everyone who needs to know what we do and why we do it does. The most exciting update that I have for you guys on the show is our proof of reserves. So I believe we'll be the largest company, especially Bitcoin Treasury Company, to provide such proof that we own the assets that we claim we do. We do this very simply by, I mean, right now, our Bitcoin is held at Tether as an escrow. So once the transaction is closed, it will be solely owned by 21. But as we're in this approval process, there's a bit of an escrow. But we wanted to publish that escrow and show the Bitcoin community that we have the assets, we have been buying the Bitcoin. We have the assets we say we do. We have over 31,000 coins already. Upon closing, we'll have what we believe to be over 42,000 Bitcoin. And I think it builds trust. Why Tether? Why not Circle, for example? Well, Tether is a co-founder of the business. So they gave us, how about some cheap fees? All right. Makes sense. Didn't charge us a lot for the product. But I think what we think the market wants is a native Bitcoin business founded by technologists. You should ask Paolo and bring up his founding stories because Paolo and I are both CEOs now. But before we were CEOs, we were engineers. We were contributors to the Bitcoin protocol. We had built stuff with our bare hands. And so it's founded with technology background, little cypherpunk attitude. We hear a lot about how Wall Street has arrived on Bitcoin with iBit and Larry Fink. We think of 21 as Bitcoin has arrived on Wall Street. And we are showing up in our hoodies on Wall Street. And we know how to custody Bitcoin ourselves. We know how to do proof of reserves. We are Bitcoiners. And so we think the capital markets in America, they want a public Bitcoin equity that they can trust, that they can understand, and that they know is an expert in the asset class. And so for us, we think proof of reserves is a small but very meaningful step for us to be able to convey that to the market that we didn't just get into Bitcoin or we're not pivoting from something else. Paolo and I have been in this game for over a decade and now we very much know what we're doing. I really wanted to ask you about stablecoin. But now I want to ask you about your hoodie because financial institutions, everybody dressed like this. You guys are great, by the way. Well, thank you. Thank you. And I assume they're much older. So when you walk into a room, they're going to be like, who are you? Yeah. Well, I think to me, Bitcoin is disrupting far more than just financial markets. And for me personally, I want to bring to the world authenticity, transparency. I think nobody wants another old white bald guy in a blue suit and Louboutin sneakers trying to convince you of a version of the world that you know in your heart is wrong. I think the world is sick of that. And to be honest, everything that you see around you was invented and made by someone no greater than you. And I want to bring as a CEO and someone with a platform, I want to bring a sense of relatability and humanize this asset class and the fact that I'm just a dude and we all are. And the notion that there are some more important people than others that are in the White House that decide how much money should be worth to all of us is a bunch of crap. And for some reason, people have been afraid to say that. And so for good or for bad, I've really dedicated my voice and my style to just be me because I think it's important. And I think the world is in desperate demand for something authentic that they can understand and relate to. Your hoodie looks authentic. Yes. Is that your own line or is that somebody else's? No, I do have a we're giving away some hoodies. We're giving away some hodl hoodies actually. So I'll make sure you guys get some. Next conference, we'll have to wear hoodies from this is Abercrombie and Fitch. I think so much more comfortable. My God. Yeah. I think and you know, people definitely have their comments and such. But again, I think like my empty closet, for example. Oh, yes. You know, the empty closet to me, it was an accident, total accident and turned into a meme on the Internet, like all great inventions. But to me, it was so powerful because of my channel where this guy's closet is bigger than my house. But you know what I what I think what I think the important the reason I kept it is I think the fact that someone's working on Bitcoin in the heart of a hyper financialized American closet where you're incented to overconsume. Right. The American consumer, the job of the American consumer is to support the world's factory, which is China, which is all these other trade partners. They export stuff into our country and our job is to just consume it. And so the fact that someone had a closet full of Gucci and Louis and shoes and this or that goes to show the state of America that we're in this world reserve currency piles and piles of deficits, hyper financialized over consumption version of America. So I'm going to sit right in the heart of the most materialistic over consumption background and work on open source software and a hoodie. And that message, I think, speaks more than I could ever put into words. So these are the type of things that aren't software. They aren't products. But I do think Bitcoin helps revolutionize and educate and message. And so I try and channel a lot of that in who I am. And I hope that more CEOs and politicians, we get back to proof of work and being vulnerable, authentic humans. Let's try to be authentic humans, everybody. Yes. All right. Thank you very much, Jack. You got it. Thank you. I don't think you can put any clothes in your closet. It has to remain empty. Yeah. Well, so my girlfriend just moved in and we shared the other closet. So it's going to stay empty until one day I'll turn it into like a golf simulator or something. It's already your podcast studio. Yeah, it works. It works. Thanks, Jack. Yeah. Thank you guys. All right.