 What kind of garbage crypto borne is this? These conditions are conditions we've seen in the past. This is a bear market. It's never too late to start doing the right thing. Altcoins are not a long-term investment. By the time you see the headline, you can't really profit from it because crypto is a little further out on the risk curve than stocks. So it tends to... If you really want closure on that and want to feel a little bit more confident about it, normally what you see is you see these weekly closes below the 50-week moving average. That is where we're currently battling right now. A lot of people assume that just because QE returns, that you're going to have this massive move in the market. Remember, last cycle when QE started, Bitcoin actually went down first, and then it went up. What it shows you is just, when is it a good time to buy? When is it a good time to sell? And anytime... Even if you knew for a fact, bubbles can last for years before they fully align. We have not had an all-season cycle. I don't care what anyone says. Our guest today is Ben Cohen. He is the founder of Into the Cryptoverse. He is not only the superstar market analyst, he's also a scientist with a PhD in nuclear engineering and even worked at NASA. And what makes Ben so different and so popular is how he uses engineering logic and math to break down market cycles. And his approach has helped hundreds of thousands of investors make smarter timing decisions and avoid the kind of emotional trades that usually cost people a lot of money. It's so great to have you back. Hello, Ben. Yeah, it's great to be here. I feel like it's been a while since I've been on here, but it was a great talk the last time I was here. Last time we actually met about a year ago. It was at the Michael Saylor 100k party and it's been a year, right? It was the 100k party. We're back at 100k levels. And for reference, gold has been up over 50% in Nvidia as well. 36%, I think. What kind of garbage crypto borne is this? Yeah, I don't imagine there's a 100k party this year. Yeah, no, I mean, it's kind of like what we've seen in some prior cycles with crypto. I think you could argue that crypto is a little further out on the risk curve than stocks. And so it tends to underperform first. It's all very similar type of stuff back in 2019 where stocks were continuing to do well as quantitative tightening came to an end and as interest rates were cut. But crypto started to stall out a little bit sooner. So you could argue because crypto is a little further out on the risk curve, it's a little bit more sensitive to liquidity conditions and that sort of stuff than things in the S&P. And then gold, of course, has been doing phenomenally well, but these macro conditions for years have been very favorable for metals. And my guess is that metals will continue to do well probably until the end of the decade. That would be my guess. And what about Bitcoin because we call it a digital gold? What will happen to Bitcoin? Yeah, so I don't really view Bitcoin as a risk-off asset. I mean, so gold is a risk-off asset. It does really well under certain types of macro conditions. And when you do get sell-offs like the one we got in April, gold is really quick to get back to all-time highs. And then, of course, stocks take a little bit longer. Let me share my screen here. And we can talk a little bit more about it. So if you look at Bitcoin, you know, Bitcoin is really stalled out. And really what you want to look at in this case is if you look at Bitcoin divided by the S&P 500, what you'll notice is that it's actually near where it was back in March, right? Like it hasn't really moved a whole lot since the March lows when valued against the S&P 500. But again, this type of weakness that we're witnessing by Bitcoin is the same type of weakness we witnessed last cycle as quantitative tightening sort of wrapped up, right? So this purple line shows the balance sheet of the Federal Reserve. And you can see that as the balance sheet started to, you know, as we went from quantitative tightening to quantitative easing, Bitcoin actually kind of sold off into that. And then it sort of came out of it once QE really came back, right? Once rates went a lot lower and when the money printers really turned on. So you could argue that the Bitcoin is kind of in that same phase right now that it was back in 2019, although it is a little bit stronger now than it was in 2019. Like in 2019, it was struggling a lot more. And by this point, I think it was down a lot more from the from that local high than it is right now. But regardless, these conditions are conditions we've seen in the past like for Bitcoin. And I think one of the things that makes this cycle so difficult is because a lot of people want to make it make this cycle comparable to kind of the end of prior post having years, like, you know, the end of 2021, the end of 2017 and the end of 2013 when we had euphoria, right? Absolute euphoria. We had these like massive all seasons and whatnot. But the reason why this peak that we're forming probably in the fourth quarter of this year, just like always, the reason why this one feels a little bit different so far is because we haven't had that euphoria phase. And you could argue we haven't had that euphoria phase because of monetary policy. And if you actually look at retail interest in crypto, if you like look at the price of Bitcoin color coded by social interest, it's blue right now, which means really low interest, right? So this this peak that we're in right now to me again looks a lot more like that 2019 move where we also more or less topped on apathy rather than topping on euphoria. So that's kind of what I think is happening right now and and why I think Bitcoin is behaving in a very different way that a lot of people might have expected for this time in the cycle. I think in your recent video, you said if Bitcoin closes below 50 week, and made twice, then the cycle is usually over. And also Bloomberg came out with this report that says the crypto bear market wipes out almost the entire 2025 value increase that says because the crypto market has dropped about 20% since October 6. This isn't just a correction. This is a bear market. What do you think? I don't I mean it look it certainly could turn into a bear market that I don't think we can definitively say that just yet. If you look at the ROI from the low for Bitcoin and compare it to the last couple of cycles and you look at where that peak occurred in October, it kind of looks like that could be the end of the bull market. Like it's like if in a year from now, if it's the end of the bull, if it turns out it was the end of the bull market, it would have just been the same as the prior two cycles, right? It would have topped after around the same number of days, right? So this top was around, you know, two cycles ago, the top was around day 1067. Last cycle was 1059 and I think this one so far was around 1062. So it's certainly possible that we're in a bear market. But I would say that if you really want closure on that and want to feel a little bit more confident about it. Normally what you see is you see these weekly closes below the 50 week moving average. And that is really what kind of solidifies when the bull market is here, right? So you can see there in 2014 and then again in the next cycle. So that is where we're currently battling right now. And that's kind of like, you know, I think it's more so let's be a student of the market and say, all right, if the cycle is over, then we're going to start getting weekly closes below the 50 week moving average. And then it's going to likely set up the 2026 bear market, right? We'll just view this as a topping process. But we've had a couple of weekly closes that came close to being below the 50 week moving average. And then Bitcoin was still able to come out of it. And so I think like, you know, I think in the short term, the main times where Bitcoin kind of found support around the 50 week moving average and rallied out of it, it was actually when the 50 day moving average crossed below the 200 day, right? So if you look at when it happened in 2024, when you look at it, when it happened in 2025, and even when it happened in 2023, all these prior death crosses by Bitcoin actually corresponded to local lows in the Bitcoin price. And that's where we kind of found support at the 50 week. And then we rallied into another all time high. And so if you look today, you can see that we're kind of on that same trajectory right now where we've had, you know, a series of lower lows, but we haven't had the death cross yet. Now the death cross should occur around November, I would say maybe between November 10th to November 13th or 14th. I don't know exactly, but sometime within a week or so, at least from when we're recording this video. And so that's going to be the signal for me. I think like if there's going to be a rally to a new all time high, then it should occur after the death cross and the death cross should occur around November 12th. Or so, right, like if you were to zoom in on this chart and just kind of extend the 50 day moving average a little bit, and then maybe extend the 200 day moving average, it looks like they might cross maybe a little bit after November, maybe like November 14th. So it could be like a week from the recording of this video, maybe a little bit less depends on how quickly the prices change. But that's essentially what I'm looking at. And if the death cross arrives, and if there's not a rally, then it's going to be a rally. If there's not a rally, and we get those weekly closes below the 50 week, then yes, I think it would be time to, you know, to just be like, all right, like we are going into our 2026 downturn. The good news is that if we don't have a euphoria phase before the downturn, then you could argue the downturn won't be as bad because you won't have, you know, all these new retail participants that FOMO'd in at the top providing us cell pressure all the way down. So it could be a lot more like that 2019 style drop where it just kind of slowly goes down and it might take place, you know, for the first half of 2026. When you say a softer downturn, what would it look like? Because for the past few cycles, Bitcoin was down 94% to 77% ish. What would this look like in your prediction? Yeah, so I guess two ways to answer it. If the top is in or if there's only a slightly higher high, right? So, I mean, even if Bitcoin were to go to 130k or 140k, it's not going to bring retail back, right? Like that's clear, slightly higher Bitcoin prices aren't going to do anything. You need altcoins to really move in order to bring retail back and 140k Bitcoin isn't really going to do that. I would say if the top is either in or close to being in, then you're probably looking at around a 50% pullback. Basically a pullback just to the 200 week moving average and also sort of back near the prior all time highs, right? So somewhere between 60 to 70k would be my guess, would be kind of the main target for a pullback into the year of 2026. If the cycle is not over and we have a much larger rally that like kind of takes everyone by surprise, then you would probably have a deeper pullback, maybe like a 70% pullback. And that would actually be more in line with what we've seen in the prior cycles because you're right. The first bear market was 94%, the second one was 87%, the third one was 84%, the fourth one was 77%. And so if you just kind of extrapolate that, it would make you believe that the next bear market could be around 70% plus or minus 4% or so. So between say 66% to 74% drawdown. But I think you're only going to get that in 2026 if you really see a more euphoric ending to the year. If you don't see a more euphoric ending to the year, then I would probably more so be in the camp of just a 50% pullback. It's also because most of the buyers are institutions and they don't panic sell or why is this happening? Yeah, I mean, it's basically the same thing as 2019, right? I mean, like if you don't have euphoria, then you don't get massive capitulations. You just kind of get a slower drawdown. I mean, just kind of ignore the pandemic. You just get sort of a more controlled drawdown as we just go through. We would likely enter into a period where people are remaining optimistic about the Fed cutting rates and they're going to like, you know, watch for Jerome Powell to be replaced as the chair at the Federal Reserve and for someone new to come in and replace or, you know, start the money printer back up lower rates. And I think that might keep Bitcoin from, you know, from getting that like 80% drop. That would be at least my guess for why. And of course, I mean, institutions will lead to lower volatility. But I mean, Bitcoin has been experiencing kind of like decreased volatility from one cycle to another every cycle. And of course, this cycle we could we could sort of say it's because of institutions, but it's also just the natural evolution of the asset in my opinion. The Fed plans to end QT by the end of the year and people are expecting. Well, that means the market is going to go crazy, but it's not really happening for people that are not following this very closely. Can you explain to the everyday person what that means? What does QT ending means? So QT ending would mean the Fed stops rolling off assets from the balance sheet and they might start expanding it again and going into what we call quantitative easing. At this point, I mean, what it what it typically means is that higher risk assets stop bleeding against lower risk assets like automatically. Right. So like one of the things that's been obvious this cycle is that altcoins bleed to Bitcoin, you know, and that, you know, and in stocks, you know, microcap companies like the Russell bleed to the S&P 500 or bleed to the Magnificent 7. Well, that could still continue. And, you know, for a lot of them, it's not as as easy as of a trend to call. Right. So, I mean, in the last cycle, when quantitative tightening ended, it actually marked this top by Bitcoin dominance right here. So you can even you can even line up the end of quantitative tightening to the to the Bitcoin dominance chart and see that right when QT ended, that was when Bitcoin dominance topped. And so I would argue that when QT ends, it likely would correspond to Bitcoin dominance finding a top for a while. That would be my my guess. I think a lot of people assume that just because QE returns that you're going to have like this massive move in the markets. And it doesn't mean that you won't eventually. But remember last cycle when QE started, Bitcoin actually went down first. Right. Like it actually started off by going down for a little while and then it went up. So I'm just saying that, you know, if they start QT in December, that's right before 2026. And 2026 is a midterm year and midterm years tend to be bear markets. So my guess is that this phase right here that we saw in 2019 after QE began will be kind of the narrative for the 2026 bear market, which again is a normal thing. Bear markets are really normal. Like they're they're in Bitcoin. They happen every four years or so. Right. Like it's not it's not that abnormal for that to happen. So that's kind of what I think will happen. I think it'll it'll be a nice narrative. It might lead to some short term rallies by off Bitcoin pairs and and and renewed interest in the short term. But I think by 2026 we likely will enter into a downturn in the market. And my guess is that it will at least laugh last for the you know, for the first half of the year. I don't I if there's not a euphoria phase between now and the end of the year, then the bear market maybe would end in the summer rather than going through the entire year. But that's just kind of it's just speculation at this point. Right. I don't know how the year is exactly going to end. Did you just say the bear market would be about half a year? That's pretty short. So normally bear markets are a year. Right. Normally bear markets are one year. And and so I think we have to be I think that if the tops in then I think the base case has to be that the bear market low is in October of 2026. Like that has to be base case if the top is in. But I mean, I could see an example where where Jerome Powell is replaced in May and they they introduce a much more dovish Fed chair that just is all about rekindling the animal spirits. And and that might keep Bitcoin from dropping too much. It wouldn't be like completely unheard of in the crypto verse. If you look at if you actually look at last cycle, Ethereum found a low in June of the midterm year. Right. So it actually bottomed out really quickly in the summer. So it's not impossible for Bitcoin to do something similar if if it plays out like that. But again, I think base case has to be that it takes a year. But I'm going to I'm going to start looking for, you know, good opportunities probably in the summer of 2026. What chart would you be looking at? So I mostly look at I just sort of like the the risk levels is one good thing to look at. I mean, you can look at at a lot of different charts. One of them, though, is is this chart. Here we go. So essentially what it shows you is is just when when is it a good time to buy? When is a good time to sell? And any time you go to like below point to risk, it tends to be a really good time to buy. And the last time we were at point to risk or below it was November of twenty twenty two. So my guess is we'll see that opportunity again occur in 2026. And when it dies, I think that's usually a pretty good time to sort of, you know, weight your buys a little heavier into into the market. So that's one thing you could use. You know, there's there's plenty of other things. But that's probably the main thing I would use. Do you invest a lot more during these periods or how does it work? What's your strategy? Yeah. So I use something called like dynamic DCA. So if you look at a simulation for buying Bitcoin and you just DCA, let's say you DCA a hundred dollars a week since 2014. And let's actually take it out to the current day instead of in March. But if you if you just did that, then you would have invested about fifty seven thousand dollars if you started in 2014 and it would currently be worth about four million dollars. Right. By just doing a hundred dollars a week for the last, you know, eleven years. That's a normal DCA strategy. If you try to invest the same amount, but do it dynamically based on like kind of where the risk metric is. So it kind of means you just put in more when the risk is low and then you put in less when it's a little bit higher. So so again, in this case, we would have invested around fifty seven K. So just to kind of like back that out, I don't know exactly. Let's let's say, OK, so that'd be if your ex is about seventy one is seventy two. That means you would have invested around fifty seven thousand. But if you follow the risk levels and kind of weight it according to the risk, then you're looking at a portfolio worth seven point five million as opposed to four million by just doing sort of a regular DCA. So that's kind of what I use. And and so basically this is the way it works. Right. You just have you kind of set your X amount. It's like just a nominal amount. That's what you're going to do every week. It's so long as the price is below a certain risk level. But then the lower the risk goes, that's where you start to do a lot more. So for instance, if one week when the risk is, say, point five, you put in a hundred dollars. If the next week, if the risk is point one, you would want to put in five times the amount. Right. So you put in five hundred dollars. That way, your overall entry is weighted to lower risk levels rather than higher risk levels. So a lot of people, what they do is they just put a lot of money in at the top and then they get scared to buy at the bottom. And so they have kind of like a higher weighted risk. But you want to make sure you get your buys in at lower risk levels rather than higher risk levels. That's what I use. This is amazing. And everybody, you can find that into the crypto verse. What about selling? Do you DCA sell or you just hold? Yeah, I mean, I do. Generally, if the risk gets high enough, I will sell some. Usually, I wait until at least it goes above point six or point seven risk to start scaling out. But I would still hold, you know, I mean, I generally historically speaking, I would hold a majority of my position until you get to much higher risk levels because this cycle isn't, I mean, it's playing out more so like 2019. You could argue it's more of like a time based thing than maybe a euphoria. So I would take some profits on Bitcoin before the end of the year just because I am, maybe I'm wrong, but I am mentally prepared for next year being a bear market. So I would sell some Bitcoin before the end of the year sort of in preparation for that. But even in that case, I would still hold, I would say maybe about one third of my Bitcoin stack, no matter what, as just an acknowledgement that, hey, I can't possibly know for sure what's going to happen. And I want to make sure I have some exposure, you know, at all times. You know, right now, it feels like they're two opposite forces. One hand, people are talking about this AI bubble potential crypto bear market. And on the other hand, Trump is a businessman. And people are saying that, you know, the market is his report card. He's not going to let the market crash. And even though we if we look at, you know, these tech companies, the stock prices are crazy right now. But if you look at the profit, it actually goes alongside the stock prices. Unless we're talking about like the, you know, newer or smaller tech companies, high valuation, no profitability, like two different forces. How do you see them play out together? Yeah, I mean, AI is really interesting because. It has, I mean, it certainly is making companies more efficient, I mean, and allowing people, allowing just everyday people to start companies they would have never been able to start in the past because they don't need a massive team of 20 people to get it off the ground. So, I mean, I've really enjoyed AI as far as whether it's a bubble or not. I mean, the thing about bubbles is even if you know, even if you knew for a fact we were in a bubble, it doesn't necessarily tell you how do you make money in the bubble because bubbles can last for years before they fully unwind. In fact, if you look at the S&P 500 divided by the money supply, it's actually played out a lot like the late 1990s. In fact, I, you know, we talked a lot about this, you know, back in March and April, how this whole pattern is almost identical to what happened in 1990s. If you take a bar pattern from 1996 right here all the way up into the peak and you just simply overlay it on the current cycle, I mean, even the 20% drawdown that we got earlier this year is almost a perfect match for the 1998 drawdown, right? And so if you look at that, you could argue that where we are in, sort of with respect to this is we're potentially like right around this part where maybe we get another sell-off and then sort of maybe another 2% drop or something in stocks and then the government shutdown ends, we get another rally and then we kind of come down into the midterm year stocks. It doesn't mean that stocks can't continue to stay elevated even into 2027 potentially. And that's the hard thing about bubbles is like even in the dot-com era, you know, you could have been fully aware that you were in a bubble this entire time, but it didn't mean the market was going to go down, right? Like the market did eventually go down, but it took years. And that's why calling for, you know, calling tops on that kind of stuff is so hard because it can be obvious to like everyone that you're in a bubble and it can seem like the stock market is so disconnected from the real world. But, you know, as you said, right, I mean Trump, he's a businessman and he doesn't want, he's not going to let the stock market go down without a fight. And so I think we have to be sort of, when it comes to the stock market, it will always look for a reason to go up, right? It needs, sorry, it needs a reason to go down, not a reason to go up. Okay, so stocks... Explain that. Yeah, so stocks generally go up because people are 401Ks or just, there's all these passive flows into the market, all these passive flows. I mean, in fact, if you look at the S&P 500 over a very, very long time period, right, these are 12 month candles, right? So these are yearly candles. I mean, you can see pretty clearly that the stock market generally just goes up and to the right, right? So that is like the natural progression of the stock market is that it goes up. Occasionally it goes down. But in order for it to go down, you have to have a reason. The two main reasons that the stock market goes down, a rising inflation rate, which is what happened in 2022, right? So if you look at the United States inflation rate, when the inflation rate goes up, that's a reason for stocks to go down. And you can see that that's happened in many cycles in the past, right, where inflation is going up and stocks are generally dropping. Okay, so this has been nothing new. It's happened many, many times in the past. It happened in the 70s. It also happened in the 40s as well. We had, we sort of had like waves of inflation back then too. And when you get those waves of inflation, the stock market is usually selling off. Okay, so that's reason number one. Now, inflation hasn't really been going up a lot recently. It has gone up, but no one really, I mean, 3% inflation, the market's going to shrug off. Now, obviously a lot of people don't agree that it's 3%. They would say that it's higher. But at the end of the day, like the data suggests that it's 3%, whether it's right or not, the market seems to respect it, right? The market isn't going to care unless it starts to go back up to like 7%, 8%. So inflation going up is one bad thing. The other bad thing is the unemployment rate starting to go higher. So if you look at the unemployment rate, what you'll notice is that when the unemployment rate starts skyrocketing, that's also a time where stocks can go down, okay? Now, the unemployment rate has been going up, but it's been mostly in a controlled fashion, right? It hasn't really reached that nonlinear point where it just goes straight up and there's no controlling it. We are absolutely setting ourselves up for that at some point over the next couple of years, but it's so hard to know exactly when it's going to happen. And one of the ways we know or we can be pretty sure that it is going to happen is if you go look at all the macro indicators for the job market, like if you look at like job openings, they're really low, right? If you look at hires in the market, they're also really low. So people aren't really getting hired. It's really hard to find a job, but people aren't really getting laid off either in the way that you would expect in a massive recession. So essentially, layoffs are basically at the pre-pandemic levels. They're not really that high. I mean, obviously, there's a lot of headlines, but layoffs are also a normal thing that happen all the time. And they're not as elevated as they have been in some of the prior recessions. But whenever layoffs start and they start to really increase, the reason why the unemployment rate goes parabolic at the time is because not only are people getting laid off, but also, by the way, no one's hiring. So then it becomes harder for people to find a replacement job. I want to show you a chart that shows you kind of how the market will sniff out things. It'll always look for the positive. So this is a map of the United States, and it shows you the states, color-coded orange, have a higher unemployment rate today than they did six months ago, right? So today, you can see that about 23 states have a higher unemployment rate today than six months ago. But there's pockets of the country that the unemployment rate has not gone up over the last six months. And so when you look back at prior recessions and when the market really had a massive downturn, it was when the entire country had an unemployment rate going up, right? This was September 2008. If you look at the dot-com bubble burst, right? If you look at 2001, 2002, again, it was the whole country. So when you look at it, you know, since 2021, there's definitely been times where you start to see like pockets of the country have a rising unemployment rate, but it hasn't been the entire country, right? And what the market will do is it will always look for a reason to stay optimistic, right? If it can find pockets of optimism, the market will still try to go higher. The market will go lower when there's literally no reason to be optimistic, right? Like everywhere is struggling. And that's kind of when you get these massive recessions where there's not like you can't look at this sector over here. A lot of people have described, you know, this as a rolling recession where you've had like a recession in tech for a little bit, and then you had a recession in manufacturing, and then you've had like a recession in other areas too. But it hasn't really hit the economy all at once. And so, you know, because a lot of these industries are regional, there's always been some pocket of optimism. So, again, the market has to have a reason to go down, not a reason to go up. And the two main reasons that it goes down are inflation and unemployment. And right now, we're not even getting any of that data, you know, so it makes it kind of hard. But I mean, that could also be one of the reasons why crypto is struggling is because maybe it wants confirmation that macro is still OK. Because again, like with stocks, there's earnings and like there's profitability, right? Like there's like an earnings report, like an investor can take a look at the earnings report, see the company's growing and then be like, yeah, I want to keep putting my money into that. With crypto, we don't really have that, right? Like it's just speculation. It's just kind of liquidity flows from one project to another. But it's not necessarily based on profitability. And a lot of times, what a lot of protocols will sort of tout as revenue or profitability is more so just a circular economy where the project will just mint more tokens and then reward users of the project with those tokens. So the users who use the project, who use that blockchain feel like they're making money, but really they're just printing more tokens. And so they're diluting everyone's the value of the tokens in circulation, right? So again, that's not really the same thing as sort of like a durable, sustainable revenue model. And so when you have periods like the one we're in right now, this macro uncertainty, I mean, it's obviously taking its toll on the crypto market. For our non-American viewers, we're talking about the government shutdown. So basically, the Congress could agree on how to fund the government. But how does that affect the market? I think for a lot of foreigners, they don't really understand how it works. So, I mean, yes, the market doesn't like uncertainty, but how does that affect the market in general? Yeah, I mean, first of all, your viewers have every right to be confused about that because I absolutely think it's absurd that this is even a thing in the United States. And I've sort of joked before, when we talk about government shutdowns, we don't even have to talk about what country we're talking about. Like everyone knows it's the United States. Like it is kind of ridiculous. But if you think about it, like one of the reasons why it could affect things is a lot of people are getting, a lot of federal workers are furloughed, right? So they're not at work. And whenever the government shutdown ends, they can get a lot of back pay. There are a lot of workers that are currently working because their job is like essential. They need, they have to work. We can't just not use the, we need the labor, but they're not getting paid. So if people aren't getting paid, that's directly taking liquidity, right? Like it's directly taking money away from people that would have otherwise had it. And then they're not able to invest and things. So they're more worried about can they pay their mortgage this month? Can they buy groceries this month? And if we don't know, if the government shutdown keeps getting postponed and postponed, it raises the uncertainty more and more and more. Because people start, I mean, think about it. It's now been what, five weeks? And so people have missed multiple paychecks at this point. And so the longer that goes on for, the more difficult it becomes. Now, as the longer the government shutdown goes on for, the constituents of people on both sides of the aisle, right? Whether you're a Democrat or Republican, historically both parties get blamed for the government shutdown. It's not one or the other. Both sides get, you know, start taking the blame. And usually a lot of times the pressure will come once stocks start to drop. So, you know, over the last week or so we saw stocks start to drop. If they continue to drop, then the pressure will start mounting on politicians to come up with a solution so we can get things moving back to normal. And in one case, very clear, and it's even affected my family, is air travel, right? A lot of airports in the United States, we've seen 10%, I think, of cancellations. There's just not a lot of air, there's not enough people in air traffic control. My wife was actually stuck on the tarmac on an airplane for over an hour. And the reason why was because they did not have enough air traffic controllers. So it's going to, it's leading to, it's going to lead to reduced travel, right? Which is going to slow things down. It's going to take a hit on GDP. It's all going to have negative effects. And it just takes a while for it to filter through. And now that we're kind of in week five, it is starting to, you know, to affect various industries. And the longer it goes on for, the more industries it will start to affect. And of course, with less liquidity, when people don't have their paychecks, that leads to, you know, just overall less investment into the market. How long could this last? Well, I think the prediction markets are suggesting it'll end in about mid-November. But I have no idea. I mean, this is already the longest one we've ever had. I think the second longest one was in like 2018. If you told me that it lasts until December, like I wouldn't necessarily be that surprised. But I think if it lasts until then, we're going to have a lot of issues going on. So I'm wanting to be optimistic and hopefully they can end it up, you know, end it within the next week or two. I think I've watched your video and you said narrative follows the price, right? So when the stock market drop, everyone's looking for a reason. Why is the market dropping? Oh, it's the government shut down. Do you think the statement is true? Narrative follows price. And what usually moves the price first? Like is it psychology, liquidity? What is it? Yeah, I mean, I think there's a lot of like just flows, like flows in the market. There's like windows of weakness and windows of strength where liquidity tends to be better than other times. Like a lot of times in Q3, liquidity tends to be lower. Like there's just not as much moving around and it could be due to, you know, all sorts of things. But, you know, taxes can be a big example. Like when people are paying taxes and whatnot, that can obviously have an effect on the markets or flows. I think that a lot of, I mean, there's seasonality. I would argue seasonality is only like 60 to 70 percent. There's obviously like liquidity conditions. I mean, you know, in 2020 when the Fed printed six trillion dollars, obviously that had an effect on markets. I think the news headlines aren't nearly as important, right? And it's like this year we've seen a lot of news headlines for crypto that sound really bullish, right? They're like, all right, it sounds really good. But Bitcoin still trading at the same price it was a year ago. So that's kind of proof right there that maybe the narratives don't really mean as much. And that it has more so to do with things like monetary policy and liquidity. And I think that plays a much bigger role, right? Like when you have interest rates higher and higher and higher and you're, you know, the balance sheet of the Fed is going lower and lower and lower, that's going to reduce overall risk appetites in higher risk assets like altcoins. But when you go to lower interest rates and money printing, that increases the risk appetite. So I think a lot of it is kind of related to that. I think too, like by the time you see the move in the market, you know, it's, or by the time you see the headline, you can't really profit from it because there's way, there's other people that have things coded up and whatnot that reacts in a much faster time frame than any of us could ever hope to react in. So, yeah, I just don't think it's a great way to navigate the markets because you can come up with a narrative to, you know, to sort of explain anything. Because I mean, like, you know, kind of coming into Q4, a lot of people were bullish, right? And they had a lot of narratives to support that bullish view. And now that we're not pumping, then people are trying to find a reason for it. And now the reason is, oh, it's because of the government shutdown. But in 2013, we had a government shutdown that literally started the exact same day of the year that this one did, the exact same day. And then Bitcoin went up during that government shutdown, right? So there's not necessarily a rhyme or reason to that stuff. I mean, I think a lot of it just has to do with monetary policy and overall liquidity. If it's about liquidity and monetary policy, then why is the stock market up? Yeah, that's a good question. So crypto was further up the risk curve. So it responds quicker to sort of lower liquidity and that kind of stuff than the stock market does. The stock market, if you think about it, has a lot more passive flows. Like there's so many millions of Americans that are just passively buying the 401k. So because they're buying, or not buying the 401k, they're buying the S&P in their 401k. And so because they're buying like these index funds, they're buying in video whether they know it or not, right? They're buying Meta and Microsoft and Google. Like they're buying all that stuff whether they know they are or not. And that's why the stock market is not really a great indicator for the economy. It's because there's all these passive flows that happen that can be somewhat disconnected from what's really going on in the economy. So I think that's one of the reasons why crypto gets hit first. Like as macro conditions start to deteriorate, the riskier stuff starts taking a hit first. Because that's where people are going to cut their spending first, right? Like if you, let's imagine you're just like an everyday American. You have a job, you have a 401k, and then you also invest a little bit in crypto, right? And then let's say, you know, you start to come into hard times. Maybe you're furloughed because of the government shutdown. What are you going to do first to find liquidity to pay your bills? Are you going to go take money out of your 401k and take a tax hit? That's, you know, probably not, right? You're going to go to the stuff that's easier to sell that aren't going to have those same issues. And the easier stuff would be something like crypto. That makes sense. I watched Anthony Pampliano, I think earlier this year, and he was talking about that the government simply will not allow a recession. The money printer won't stop. And even if we see a huge correction and we call it a bear market, as long as you're holding good asset, the price will eventually come up. Do you think this idea is healthy? Over a long enough period of time, risk assets do go up, right? I mean, if you look at the S&P over the last hundred years, you can see that. That doesn't mean you can't go through five to ten year periods where that's not true. You know, there's plenty of lost decades where the price, the stock market just goes sideways or goes up and down and up and down. That happens a lot. I mean, do I think they're going to keep printing? Yes, I think they will. I think at some point we're going to reach kind of a time where they're going to want to print and they're going to lower rates a lot. But you might have inflation starting to pick back up. And so that could lead to sort of a checkmate moment for the Federal Reserve because they have a dual mandate for maximum employment and stable prices. And so when you have only one issue, it's easy. You know, you only have like if you have rising unemployment, then you have a clear thing to do. You just lower rates. If you have a rising inflation rate, then you raise rates, right? It's not clear. What do you do when you have a rising inflation rate and a rising unemployment rate? And that like that could lead to a dynamic where the markets, you know, they reach a point where where we have to go through a recession. Right. Like that is a possibility. I do think we will have I mean, we've had recessions in the past. We're going to have another one in the future, right? Like it's not like we're never going to have a recession. Like we will have a recession at some point. And you know, one of the things that could happen is as risk assets go up potentially over the coming years and as the as the economy becomes harder and harder for sort of lower income Americans, that could start to lead to social unrest where, you know, workers feel like they can't afford anything and the people in assets just keep getting richer and richer. And so that wealth gap continues to grow. And if that happens, you might actually see the long end of the yield curve go higher if they're not willing to let a recession happen. Because if the economy starts to expand again and accelerate, that's the only way that that's the only way the long end can go up. And so I think it could be eventually they realize that a recession is actually what we need to get rates down. But we're not at that point. Like we're not at that point yet. And it took in the 1990s, it took many, many years for the Federal Reserve to kind of come to terms with what was required. And if you again, if you overlay that with the current business cycle, you know, that could still be two years away. Right. Like it might not be until potentially like 2027 or even 2028 before the Federal Reserve reaches that point. So I could see a scenario where Jerome Powell is replaced as chair in 2026 and they put someone in that lowers rates a lot. But then that leads to just inflation coming back. And then the people that Trump put in the lower rates might have to do the unthinkable and raise rates again. And that is what happened in 1999 and 2000 that finally popped the bubble is when the Fed ended up having to raise rates again. After they had lowered them. And so, again, like it's a multi-year process. Right. Like, I mean, this whole thing could take two or three more years. In fact, it probably will probably probably will because, you know, they're going to stop QT. They're going to start QE. They're going to lower interest rates. They're going to do everything they can to to extend things. But eventually there will be a an economic downturn. It's just a matter of when. And by the way, one of the reasons for it could be due to AI. You know, like the very bubble that's keeping prices elevated. You know, companies are starting to lay people off, right? They're not hiring because a lot of these entry level jobs are being replaced by by AI. And so while companies continue to lay people off, it's leading to surges in their stock price. Right. Their prices are going their stock prices going up because their labor costs are going down. They're saving money. But where recessions happen is when you get a negative feedback loop. When too many people get laid off, then demand in the overall economy starts to drop. So the demand for the products that those companies use or create, it drops because there's so many people out of work. And when the demand drops for those products, for those companies, it then makes those companies lay more people off. Then again, reduce the demand for their products. So it leads to a negative feedback loop. So you could argue that the the very reason for the higher evaluations right now will likely be the eventual undoing at the end of the business cycle. But again, like that that that could still be two to three years away for all we know. You're talking about the business cycle. And that reminded me of Raoul Pal. He said the four year cycle is dead and he talks about this potential five year cycle. Basically, the rate stayed higher for longer QT dragged on and the business cycle hasn't turned yet. And what he's saying is that the real top could be 2026. Do you lean more towards that or the four year cycle? I think for Bitcoin, I lean towards the four year cycle. But you could have a scenario where you could where his view could be viewed as true, even if we have a bear market in the first half of next year, because you could have a bear market and it be like every other time. And then if next cycle ends up being a left translated cycle where you have a top earlier in the cycle than normal, it might be viewed as a continuation of the current cycle. But you could also probably look at it and objectively say, well, no, we had a bull market and it topped in Q4. Then we had a bear market in the midterm year. And then we had another cycle after that. So I would view it as a separate cycle. But I imagine some people might view it as the same. I talked to Arthur Hayes in October and he said we are or at the time we were in the altcoin season. And he said the reason why most altcoins that we're holding are not pumping is because they're pieces shit tokens. They don't reward holders. But tokens like hyper liquid and stuff, they actually went up a lot. So that was his altcoin season. What he was saying is this is what we will get this cycle. We have not had an alt season this cycle. I don't care what anyone says. Like alt season is when altcoins are durably rallying against Bitcoin. And you can see it pretty clearly in 2017 and in 2021. Right. This cycle we have not had an alt season. We just haven't. And if he said that in October, you know, by the way altcoins put in a new low in October on their Bitcoin pairs. There has not been an alt season this cycle. That doesn't mean there can't be one. But this is not what an alt season looks like. Like this is the devaluation of altcoins against Bitcoin. And we might have an alt season at the end of the cycle, but we have not been in one. And I think the idea that a single token or a few tokens pumping is the definition of an alt season is just simply untrue. Right. Like it's been Bitcoin season for the last several years. Right. If you look at Bitcoin dominance, Bitcoin dominance has just been a massive uptrend for years. Right. For years. And so the alt season that people are talking about is sort of this where dominance like falls off a cliff. And we haven't we haven't really had that. Like we've had periods where it drops a little, but nothing, you know, nothing like what people were thinking it was going to be. Like nothing like what we've seen in the past where you have these massive drops that take place over over many, many months. So, no, I don't I don't agree that we've had an alt season. I think it's mostly just been a Bitcoin maxi season. You've had a few tokens outperform. But when you think about it, every token that is outperformed has only outperformed for like one of the years. Right. And I think the last time I was on your channel, I think I was I was talking a little bit about like Solana. And then shortly after, I think I said in the in the video that we did that Solana was likely going to start bleeding to Bitcoin. And I mean, you can see that. I mean, it did. Right. Like it has been dropping. So a lot of the tokens that that go through these rallies against Bitcoin, they only last for like a few months. And then they just end up decaying. Right. So like Solana did it in twenty twenty three. And you could argue like there's other tokens that have done it at other times. Right. We saw XRP go up in late twenty twenty four. We saw BNB go up at in in sort of late twenty twenty three a lot into early twenty twenty four. But when you look at their Bitcoin valuations, right, even if you look at BNB Bitcoin, it still is nowhere near the high from like the last cycle. Right. Like they're still really far down. And so what the rallies that we're getting by Altcoins keep making people think that it's an alt season because that's what they remember. That's what they want it to be. But in reality, the Altcoin market has been putting in lower highs against Bitcoin since twenty twenty one. Right. Like since September of twenty twenty one, every rally we've had has just been like essentially a lower high. Right. So I can't agree with the statement that it's an alt season. I think that you've had selective Altcoins outperform for a few months and then they start to decay against Bitcoin. An alt season is where every Altcoin or at least most Altcoins in the top 100 are all going up simultaneously. And that's just simply not been the case. Could it be possible that we don't get one this time? It is possible. I mean, if you look at last cycle when quantitative tightening ended in September of twenty nineteen, October or August September twenty nineteen, when all it's finally bottomed against Bitcoin, it did not immediately lead to an alt season. Right. Like Altcoins went up against Bitcoin, but it did not lead to like that phase, the big phase right away. And so I think like we have to be aware that it could play out like that. Right. Like you could have an example where, you know, all Bitcoin pairs kind of come down and they get a rally, but it's still not be an alt season and we might just kind of hang out down here for a little bit. And then maybe they start to go up again next cycle. I think the only way you're really going to get a durable alt season that takes Altcoins back up to like parity with Bitcoin in terms of their market cap. The only way you're going to get it, in my opinion, is if Bitcoin has a parabolic rally from here. So if Bitcoin were to find a low and start to rally and really go up a lot and then QTNs and maybe drone power cuts rates in December, it's possible to have an alt season. But I don't think you're going to get a durable alt season if Bitcoin doesn't really start to to move back up. Right. Bitcoin leads the bull market. And if the bull market's not over, Bitcoin needs to prove that. And if Bitcoin proves it, then altcoins might have a chance. But when you look at that 2019 move in the market during quantitative tightening, you know, when Bitcoin topped in 2019, there was not an alt season after it. Right. Like altcoins just kind of bled out until much lower rates happened. So it is possible not to have an alt season. But what I would say is if people more so concentrate in Bitcoin, then you can you can decide whether it makes sense to take a larger position than altcoins if and when Bitcoin has a big rally. Because if you want to treat this like 2019, in 2019, Bitcoin was doing the same thing as it is today. It was taking liquidity from altcoins. Back then, it was taking liquidity in order to stay above $10,000. Now it's doing it to stay above $100,000. Right. So we've just increased the price 10x. So I just in order to get an alt season, you need Bitcoin to really lead the way. And we just haven't we haven't seen that yet. A couple months ago, when Tom Lee was out with Ethereum Treasury Company, I think a lot of people were really excited and they sold their Bitcoin for Ethereum. Can we look at Ethereum real quick? Yeah. I mean, the first thing I'll say, if you sold it, I mean, the ETH Bitcoin chart, this drop was always a very likely outcome for Ethereum to get this drop, primarily because when it topped here, it corresponded with Ethereum's USD valuation sweeping the prior all-time high. And I didn't think that Ethereum's first rally to an all-time high would be sustained. I thought it would get rejected. And so that was the reason why I become bearish on ETH Bitcoin there. I think that I think that ETH is likely not going to start moving up again against Bitcoin until probably December. That doesn't mean it can't bounce around these levels. But my guess is it's going to take until December for ETH to start going back up against Bitcoin. I do think it looks like it's constructive here. Like you have a low and then you have a higher low and then another higher low potentially. But I do think that in the short term, it will continue to take a backseat to Bitcoin into early December. If you look at 2017, Ethereum dropped against Bitcoin into early December right here. That's also when QT is going to end in early December. Also in 2020, you know, Ethereum dropped against Bitcoin into December as well. And there's a lot of examples where Ethereum kind of fades to Bitcoin into December, right? Even in 2016, Ethereum sort of dropped against Bitcoin into December. In 2018, Ethereum dropped against Bitcoin into December and so on and so forth, right? Even in 2019. So you can kind of see like from a seasonality point of view, it's better to kind of fade Ethereum's Bitcoin valuation in August, right? Like fade it in the summer and then and then get back into it once you get into December. You've mentioned before that alt season never happened until alt and Bitcoin pair hits 0.25. Where are we now? Yeah, I mean, it's interesting because I mean, by some measures you could argue already hit 0.25. Right now, we're at 0.38. But just a few weeks ago, we went all the way down to 0.29. If you include USDC into this metric, which you should probably, you can see that it actually already went to 0.25. So there is some validity to the idea that like, all right, maybe it will find a low. But I think that in the short term, it still makes sense to be sort of bullish on Bitcoin dominance into early December would be my sort of my base case. If you look at total 2 minus USDT divided by Bitcoin, you can see that the valuation we're at today is the same exact valuation that alt Bitcoin pairs were at in November of 2017, right? And there was a rally by alt Bitcoin pairs, but then they still went to a lower low by the beginning of December. So, you know, I think for alt Bitcoin pairs, this includes Ethereum. Because so this one won't go to 0.25. This is because this one includes Ethereum. I could see this one dropping back down to that low right there in June and then finding like a double bottom on it, which would then correspond to total 3 minus USDT divided by Bitcoin, likely going to a slightly lower low once again and then probably rallying off that. That's kind of how I think it's going to play out. If you could look at one chart, like retail investor that doesn't follow the market every day, but if they can look at one chart religiously every single day just to time their exit, what would that chart be? One chart that I like to look at is just this sort of this regression chart. This is the total cryptocurrency market cap and just kind of shows you like kind of like a more broader view of where we are in the cycle and whether we're undervalued or overvalued. And it kind of helps you keep tabs as to like sort of the macro sort of the macro moves in the market. So maybe this would be a good one to look at. We are in early November right now. At what Bitcoin price would you personally start questioning if the bear market is ending? We're talking we talked about the 50 week moving average. What is the price range? You mean the bull market is ending? Yeah, I would say if we get a couple of weekly closes below 100K, like we're probably done. 100K? Yeah, I would say I mean the 50 weeks at 103, but I think that 100K level is very meaningful. And like in 2019 when Bitcoin gave up 10K, you know, it really started to go down. So I think really 100K is kind of the line in the sand that you know, as long as we're above it sentiments generally okay. But when you go below it sentiment quickly starts to deteriorate. Back to the altcoin season topic. The chart that you used earlier represents the whole altcoin market and there are so many more altcoins now. Could it be that even if the chart shows that we are already at around 0.25, that individual coins people hold won't move much just because everything is so diluted right now? Yeah, I mean it's possible. But I do think that as the asset class matures, I'm hopeful that investors will think more clearly about where they should be putting their money rather than just throwing it into like meme coin pumping up scams. Because I feel like that mal investment of capital has actually been very negative for the crypto industry. I feel like a lot of developers probably just went over to AI. Because like what's the point of developing in crypto when someone who creates a meme coin is going to outperform, your tokens lifetime return just because they paid some influencer to shill it. So yeah, I mean, I think there is some level of like there's been so many altcoins and there's only a certain amount of money that goes into the altcoin market. And so as you liquidity is just beginning spread thinner and thinner across the altcoin market. And so it leads to relatively lackluster gains and a lot of the altcoins. Well, a lot of people probably still hold their altcoin bags right now. What would be your suggestions for people? This could be a very good ending for this video, I think, because a lot of people have been very depressed. What I would say is, is, is, you know, learn your lesson, right? Don't get too upset. We've all gone through it. Like I went through the whole altcoin stuff in a prior cycle. I have to be a lot careful, a lot more careful with altcoins today. Just treat it as tuition and don't lose faith in investing in general because you had a few bad investments in the altcoin market. It's never too late to start doing the right thing. That's kind of my view. If you bought a lot of altcoins, you saw them go up and then maybe you've round tripped your bags. Maybe in 2026, focus more on accumulating projects that, you know, you actually do believe in long term. And I think that is kind of a good place to start. And also, I would, I would tell people to like to value their portfolio in satoshis rather than US dollars. Because if you start doing that, like it'll help you figure out if putting your money in an altcoin really makes sense. Like I've seen so many people throw all their money away into an altcoin that just keeps on bleeding to Bitcoin, you know, and they think it's going to change and then it just never changes and it goes on for eight years and they still think. I mean, like even Litecoin, you know, I have the, the, the, the intern that runs the Litecoin Twitter account, you know, constantly called me out. And I mean, I kind of like going back and forth with them, if I'm being honest. But, you know, if you look at the Litecoin chart against Bitcoin, I mean, it just bleeds over a long period of time, right? Like it's not, it's not like, it's not like I'm saying that's what I want to happen. But it's just what happened to a lot of these projects. They have their cycle in the sun and then they just bleed out to Bitcoin for the rest of their, for the rest of their life, their lifespan. Altcoins are not a long term investment or a short term investment. Bitcoin is a long term investment. Altcoin, as in all altcoins are just smaller ones. All altcoins are shorter term investments. I mean, I own Ethereum. I bought some Ethereum back in April. But how can I with a clear conscience say it's a long term investment when it's trading below the price it was trading at in 2021, you know? And we're now four years later, Ethereum is trading less than the price it was trading at in November of 2021. So like, and again, we watched the Ethereum Bitcoin valuation go from 0.085 to 0.017. Right. To me, that's not a long term investment. That's like, you know, you want to try it. You want to try to time when it bottoms against Bitcoin and maybe ride that wave. But it's not necessarily a great long term investment. A lot of Chinese speaking audience by Cardano. What is your view on that? Yeah. So one of the things I said a long time ago, Cardano was going to go to 400 Satoshi's and everyone said why it wouldn't happen. And what's funny is my prediction was too optimistic because at least on Binance, it went to 261 Satoshi's. So when I look at a chart like this, it like I mean, it's just been bleeding for a long time. When it comes to ADA, the main chart I looked at isn't even the Bitcoin valuation. It's the Ethereum valuation. Because when you buy an altcoin, you want it to go up against Bitcoin. If it's not going up against Bitcoin, then you really have to question like, like, what's the point? Right. If you are going to buy it, then before you buy it, look to see what it's doing against Ethereum. Because I think you could argue that Ethereum is essentially could act as the index for the altcoin market. And the problem is that ADA just continues to bleed against Ethereum as well. So, you know, and I used to be very bullish on ADA. I mean, some of the very first videos on my channel, I was talking about ADA when it was less than two cents back in 2019. And I was very bullish on it. And I mean, it ultimately went to three dollars. But I also look at a chart like this and I just see lower highs and lower lows. And I have to ask myself, like, is that a long term investment? And to me, like, if I see if I see it bleeding to Ethereum and I see it bleeding to Bitcoin, you know, do I really want to sit in it for four years just so maybe once every four years it has a nice little rally? Probably not. So, you know, it's a tough call. I will say that if it's going to get a rally against Bitcoin, it'll happen within the next two months. If it doesn't happen in the next two months, then it's probably not going to happen. Like, there's plenty of charts that look like this where people think they're going to to find support at the range lows. And then they just don't. They end up putting in a lower high and a lower low because you could look you could look at this chart and see that technically that's a lower high and a lower low. So you might end up starting to see lower lows as well. So that's kind of what I look at. And just to give you an idea of like what I'm talking about, if you look at some of these relic altcoins from prior cycles like Dash, that one's been popular recently because it's been going up, right? Like it's been kind of making its way through the news. But even in this case, like you can see there used to be kind of a range low for it as well that it would hold as support. And then eventually it just kind of fell off and then bled a ton. And of course, now it's getting a nice rally. And usually, you know, once every four or five years, like it'll get a nice rally. But it doesn't mean that it's not eventually just going to continue bleeding. So that's kind of what I look at. But again, I mean, some of these older altcoins have certainly started to rally recently. But I mean, even in this case with a token like Dash, you know, it's still down 99 percent against Bitcoin. Right. Like these rallies that look really great. Again, it's still down 99 percent. And that's kind of the that's kind of the reality that most altcoins eventually face is that like if you hold it long enough, you might find a several hundred percent rally, but you still would have been better off holding just Bitcoin. I love that you make it very simple and even a person that is not as technical, it is very easy to understand. And if you want to check out the charts that Ben uses today and all the charts that he uses to time to market, you can check out the description box below. There is a huge sell going on. Definitely check it out because it could really help your trading and investing strategy and your journey. Well, Ben, thank you so much for being on the show today. You have a huge fan base in Asia. Please come back soon. Thanks for having me. Pleasure to be here. And I'll look forward to coming back.